0
3D hand posture recognition from small unlabeled point sets
This paper is concerned with the evaluation and comparison of several methods for the classification and recognition of static hand postures from small unlabeled point sets corresponding to physical landmarks, e.g. reflective marker positions in a motion capture environment. We compare various classification algorithms based upon multiple interpretations and feature transformations of the point sets, including those based upon aggregate features (e.g. mean) and a pseudo-rasterization of the space. We find aggregate feature classifiers to be balanced across multiple users but relatively limited in maximum achievable accuracy. Certain classifiers based upon the pseudo-rasterization performed best among tested classification algorithms. The inherent difficulty in classifying certain users leads us to conclude that online learning may be necessary for the recognition of natural gestures.

1
3D object modeling with neural gas based selective densification of surface meshes
The paper proposes an automated method for the modeling of objects using multiple discrete levels of detail for virtual reality applications. The method combines classical discrete level of detail approaches with a novel solution for the creation of selectively-densified object meshes. A neural gas network is used to capture regions of interest over a sparse point cloud representing a 3D object. Meshes at different resolutions that preserve these regions are then constructed by adapting a classical simplification algorithm to allow the simplification process to affect only the regions of lower interest. Different interest point detectors are incorporated in a similar manner and compared with the proposed approach. A novel solution based on learning is proposed to select the number of faces for the discrete models of an object at different resolutions.

2
6-DoF velocity estimation using RGB-D camera based on optical flow
In this paper, we suggest a new 6-DoF velocity estimation algorithm using RGB and depth images. Autonomous control of mobile robots requires their velocity information. There exist numerous researches on estimating and measuring the velocity. However, more investigations are needed related to vision sensors and depth image. In this work, we propose an algorithm for velocity estimation with an RGB-D sensor based on image jacobian matrix usually used in image-based visual servoing. We validate the performance of the proposed estimation algorithm in various environments with the RGB-D benchmark dataset. The velocity estimation results show the high quality of estimated 6-DoF velocity compared to the ground truth velocity.

3
A BCI speller based on SSVEP using high frequency stimuli design
We developed and studied a Steady-State Visual Evoked Potential (SSVEP) based BCI system using a high frequency visual stimuli (>25Hz) design for reducing visual fatigue. Existing SSVEP based BCI designs primarily use low frequency visual stimuli (<;20Hz) for eliciting relatively higher SSVEP signal, while the low frequency stimuli can provocate photosensitivity epileptic seizure. On the other hand, high frequency stimuli are visually more comfortable and cause less visual fatigue and seizure. To detect the weak high frequency SSVEP signal, we used multi-channel EEG and introduced canonical correlation analysis to identify the elicited SSVEP frequency. We designed and built a 30-character SSVEP BCI speller system without calibration and evaluated the performance metrics including classification accuracy and subjective fatigue ratings, in both high-frequency and low frequency SSVEP modes. The result indicates that the high frequency stimuli system archieved higher classification accuracy (averaged 80% in the 30-class classification) comparable to that by the low frequency system. Moreover, no subjects rated the visual feeling as unacceptable or uncomfortable with the high frequency system.

4
A Co-Robotic Cane for blind navigation
This paper presents a new robotic navigation aid, called Co-Robotic Cane (CRC). The CRC uses a 3D camera for both Pose Estimation (PE) and Object Recognition (OR) in an unknown indoor environment. The 6-DOF PE method determines the CRC's pose change by an egomotion estimation method, called Visual Range Odometry (VRO), and the Iterative Closest Point (ICP) algorithm and reduces the pose integration error by a pose graph optimization algorithm. The PE method does not require any prior knowledge of the environment. The OR method detects indoor structures (stairways, doorways, etc.) and objects (tables, computer monitors, etc.) by the Gaussian Mixture Models. Some of structures/objects (e.g., stairways) may be used as navigational waypoints and the others for obstacle avoidance. The CRC is a co-robot. It may detect human intent and collaborate with its user in performing a navigation task. The proposed CRC is the first in its kind.

5
A Game Theory model used to increase the readiness for software process improvement
This paper presents an approach to analyze the commitment of an organization to a software process improvement (SPI) initiative and to facilitate the interaction among the Sponsor and the Change Agent to improve the probability of its success. Two models are discussed in this paper and they include an organizational readiness evaluation framework (EASE) for SPI and a Game Theory model that facilitates the interaction among players in an SPI initiative. Both models are utilized to improve the organizational readiness and commitment to SPI. Details of both models and a real-world implementation are discussed in detail.

6
A PSOGSA method to optimize the T-S fuzzy neural network for displacement prediction of landslide
In this study, a modified method for the displacement of landslide prediction is presented. This method is based on Takagi-Sugeno fuzzy neural network (T-S FNN), with an efficient hybrid optimization algorithm based on the combination of particle swarm optimization (PSO) and gravitational search algorithm (GSA) applied to optimize the parameters for T-S FNN. Moreover, correlation analysis is an important analysis to look for the potential input variables for a predict model. Pearson cross-correlation coefficients (PCC) and mutual information (MI) are adopted in this paper. The performance of the obtained model is verified through two case studies in Baishuihe (BSH) and Liangshuijing (LSJ) landslide in the Three Gorges reservoir in China.

7
A Zaslavskii firefly approach applied to Loney's solenoid benchmark
Nature-inspired algorithms of the swarm intelligence field perform powerfully and efficiently in solving global optimization problems. Inspired by nature, these metaheuristic algorithms have obtained promising performance over continuous domains of optimization problems. Recently, a new swarm intelligence approach called firefly algorithm (FA) has emerged. The FA is a stochastic paradigm based on the idealized behavior of the flashing characteristics of fireflies. However, to achieve good performance with FA, the tuning of control parameters is essential as its performance is sensitive to the choice of the randomization parameter (α) setting. This paper introduces a FA approach combined with chaotic sequences generated by Zaslavskii map (FACZ) to tune the randomization parameter. Simulations of Loney's solenoid benchmark problem examine the effectiveness of the conventional FA and the proposed FACZ algorithms. Simulation results and comparisons with the FACZ demonstrated that the performance of the FA is promising in the Loney's solenoid case.

8
A basic study of Integer Particle Swarm Optimization having deterministic dynamics
In this paper, we propose a method celled Integer Particle Swarm Optimization based on Piecewise Constant Oscillator (IPSO-PCO). Well known Particle Swarm Optimization (PSO) is pointed out that it is hard to analyze particle behavior and to implementation of hardware. For this problem, some deterministic PSO have been proposed. Discretization is also desired in terms of implementation of hardware and application to combinational optimization problems. This paper proposes a deterministic and discrete method. We compare IPSO-PCO with some methods of PSO which discretized by repositioned to near lattice point and verify the effectiveness of propose method.

9
A behavioral biometric challenge and response approach to user authentication on smartphones
Behavioral biometrics derived from the fingertip movement on the touchscreen of a mobile device is a promising new authentication technique. A user is verified by the inherent, unique characteristics of the fingertip movement. In this paper, we present a novel verification system that combines these biometrics with a challenge and response type of authentication. The key feature of our technique is that it does not rely on any secret graphical password or gesture. Instead, the user is asked to perform a different, simple challenge on the touchscreen at each login attempt. The novel technique is therefore robust against replay and “smudge” attacks. Additionally, it does not require the user to remember any kind of secret password. We utilize pattern recognition techniques to extract unique behavioral characteristics of an individual. In a user study, we achieved an accuracy of 90% using our system with a single finger gesture, that can be performed in less than three seconds.

10
A brain-computer interfacing system using prefrontal EEG signals
Electroencephalography (EEG) has become a popular tool in basic brain research, but in recent years several practical limitations have been highlighted. Some of the drawbacks pertain to the offline analyses of the neural signal that prevent the subjects from engaging in real-time error correction during learning. Other limitations include the complex nature of the visual stimuli, often inducing fatigue and introducing considerable delays, possibly interfering with spontaneous performance. By replacing the complex external visual input with internally driven motor imagery we can overcome some delay problems, at the expense of losing the ability to precisely parameterize features of the input stimulus. To address these issues we here introduce a non-trivial modification to Brain Computer Interfaces (BCI). We combine the fast signal processing of motor imagery with the ability to parameterize external visual feedback in the context of a very simple control task: attempting to intentionally control the direction of an external cursor on command. By engaging the subject in motor imagery while providing real-time visual feedback on their instantaneous performance, we can take advantage of positive features present in both externally- and internally-driven learning. We further use a classifier that automatically selects the cortical activation features that most likely maximize the performance accuracy. Under this closed loop co-adaptation system we saw a progression of the cortical activation that started in sensory-motor areas, when at chance performance motor imagery was explicitly used, migrated to BA6 under deliberate control and ended in the more frontal regions of prefrontal cortex, when at maximal performance accuracy, the subjects reportedly developed spontaneous mental control of the instructed direction. We discuss our results in light of possible applications of this simple BCI paradigm to study various cognitive phenomena involving the deliberate control of a- directional signal in decision making tasks performed with intent.

11
A cellular automaton model based on dynamic floor-field for evacuation process with multi-egress
A cellular automaton model based on dynamic floor-field is proposed by incorporating the effect of guiding information during evacuation process. The guiding information which is regarded as an important factor to pedestrian dynamics is depicted by introducing a parameter to adjust the static value and the moving direction of pedestrians to move to the emergency exit which is not familiarized by most of the people. In addition, rules are made to deal with conflicts and the following behavior is introduced during the simulation process. Applying the proposed model, simulation of a room with two exits is presented. The simulation result shows that: (i) Several typical phenomena during pedestrian evacuation have been observed during the simulation process, e.g. arching, alignment and clogging. (ii) In comparison to the static model, guiding information has been proved as a key factor to increase the evacuation efficiency which is approximately 43.75%.

12
A collaborative BCI approach to autonomous control of a prosthetic limb system
Existing brain-computer interface (BCI) control of highly dexterous robotic manipulators and prosthetic devices typically rely solely on neural decode algorithms to determine the user's intended motion. Although these approaches have made significant progress in the ability to control high degree of freedom (DOF) manipulators, the ability to perform activities of daily living (ADL) is still an ongoing research endeavor. In this paper, we describe a hybrid system that combines elements of autonomous robotic manipulation with neural decode algorithms to maneuver a highly dexterous robotic manipulator for a reach and grasp task. This system was demonstrated using a human patient with cortical micro-electrode arrays allowing the user to manipulate an object on a table and place it at a desired location. The preliminary results for this system are promising in that it demonstrates the potential to blend robotic control to perform lower level manipulation tasks with neural control that allows the user to focus on higher level tasks thereby reducing the cognitive load and increasing the success rate of performing ADL type activities.

13
A collaborative BCI system based on P300 signals as a new tool for life log indexing
Analyses on single-trial ElectroEncephaloGram (EEG) have been investigated toward realizing real-time Brain-Computer Interface (BCI). In general, the information transfer rates of current BCI systems with single-trial EEG are generally lower than those with averaging EEG. In recent years, the concept of collaborative EEG analyses has been proposed with the purpose of improving the BCI performances with collaborative single-trial EEGs of individuals. In this paper, a collaborative BCI system is developed based on P300 evoked potentials. The collaborative BCI system with Global Positioning System (GPS) can be operated with three subjects by using three wearable EEG recording devices and wireless communications. As the results, the P300 waveforms could be observed and it was found that the collaborative P300 analyses could improve the BCI performances than individual P300 analyses. The result of this study is to be applied to P300-based big data mining and life log indexing, in particular, in outdoor environment.

14
A combination forecasting model using machine learning and Kalman filter for statistical arbitrage
In this paper we evaluate the combination of Extreme Learning Machine (ELM) and Support Vector Regression (SVR) with a Kalman filter regression model for financial time series forecasting. We also compare the forecast performance with a set of linear regression combination methods. The application of the traditional Kalman Filter for the statistical arbitrage strategy improves the statistical performance of ELM and SVR individual forecasts. The accuracy of the models is statistically tested and an investigation is performed to confirm the impact of the forecasts combination in terms of annualized returns and volatility.

15
A combined estimation and multi-parametric model predictive control approach for intravenous anaesthesia
This paper describes a strategy for the control of intravenous depth of anaesthesia (DOA). Based on a mathematical model of the system, global sensitivity analysis is first presented to determine the relative influence of the uncertain pharmacokinetic and pharmacodynamic parameters and variables. Then estimation techniques are applied for the key parameters that cannot be measured directly, combined with a multi-parametric/explicit model predictive control strategy. The two estimation strategies: a Kalman filter and multi-parametric moving horizon estimation are employed and tested on a set of twelve patients.

16
A combined method of segmentation for connected handwritten on palm leaf manuscripts
Character segmentation of handwriting of ancient manuscript is a crucial step in Optical Character Recognition (OCR) system. The segmentation of connected components is one of the factors that affects the performance of the recognition system. In order to improve the efficiency of OCR systems, segmentation of touching characters is a significant task. This paper proposes a combined method for the handling of connected handwritten segmentation of Thai-Noi script on palm leaf manuscripts. This combined process of handwritten segmentation estimates points of connected positions from two methods: (1) points of foreground detection: foreground skeleton is established first, the path and junction are then detected using Hough transform and histogram of projection profile; and (2) points of background detection: background skeleton is extracted, the top and bottom paths are then detected by using Hough transform. The proposed method has been implemented and experimental results show that the combined method obtained better segmentation of handwritten documents on palm leaves.

17
A commentary on some of the intrinsic differences between grey systems and fuzzy systems
The aim of this paper is to distinguish between some of the more intrinsic differences that exist between grey system theory (GST) and fuzzy system theory (FST). There are several aspects of both paradigms that are closely related, it is precisely these close relations that will often result in a misunderstanding or misinterpretation. The subtly of the differences in some cases are difficult to perceive, hence why a definitive explanation is needed. This paper discusses the divergences and similarities between the interval-valued fuzzy set and grey set, interval and grey number; for both the standard and the generalised interpretation. A preference based analysis example is also put forward to demonstrate the alternative in perspectives that each approach adopts. It is believed that a better understanding of the differences will ultimately allow for a greater understanding of the ideology and mantras that the concepts themselves are built upon. By proxy, describing the divergences will also put forward the similarities. We believe that by providing an overview of the facets that each approach employs where confusion may arise, a thorough and more detailed explanation is the result. This paper places particular emphasis on grey system theory, describing the more intrinsic differences that sets it apart from the more established paradigm of fuzzy system theory.

18
A compact dual-band MIMO planar antenna
This paper presents a compact dual-band MIMO planar antenna that is designed particularly compatible to the IEEE 802.11n Mobile Wireless Access Network Standard. In order to reduce the size, the antenna radiator element is organized with a winding tree-type monopole, and the two branches in the tree structure are put together to produce the two designated frequency bands of 2.4GHz and 5.2GHz respectively. The radiator element is accompanied with a coplanar feeding network. The MIMO antenna contains two antenna elements separated by one-fifth of the wavelength of the lower frequency band. Further, two half-wavelength meander-line resonator corresponding to the two frequency bands are placed between the antenna elements to achieve an excellent mutual coupling performance. In addition, the characteristics of small size, nearly omnidirectional coverage in antenna radiation pattern and moderate radiation gain make the proposed MIMO antenna entirely applicable to the mobile wireless access applications. The high frequency computer aid design has been utilized to optimize the proposed MIMO antenna performance, and have shown to be well-matched to the measured results of the fabricated prototype.

19
A comparative study between using A*-search, Latin Hypercube and genetic algorithms in design of experiment for simulation of military operational plans
In this paper we compare three alternative ways of designing a data farming experiment for a military operational planning problem. In this multi-objective optimization problem the goal is to minimize two different measures of effectiveness. Military plans under consideration are evaluated by an event based simulation system. We compare three different approaches for selecting which plans should be simulated; A*-search, genetic algorithms and Latin Hypercube. The more robust Latin Hypercube approach is found to be the better approach for this application compared to the other two more focused approaches.

20
A comparison of chatter attenuation techniques applied to a twin rotor system
The twin rotor MIMO system (TRMS) is a helicopter-like system that is restricted to two degrees of freedom, pitch and yaw. It is a complicated nonlinear, coupled, MIMO system used for the verification of control methods and observers. This paper compares the ability of three adaptive sliding mode controllers (SMC) to suppress chattering. Once the design is complete the controllers are implemented in simulation and experimentally. The performance of the controllers are compared against a PID controller and other controllers in the literature. The ability of the sliding mode controllers (SMC) to suppress chattering is also be explored.

21
A comprehensive analysis on optimization performance of chaotic evolution and its parameter distribution
In this paper, we analyse and discuss the relationship between optimization performance of chaotic evolution (CE) algorithm and distribution characteristic of chaotic parameter. CE is an evolutionary computation algorithm that simulates chaotic motion of a chaotic system in a search space for implementing optimization. However, its optimization performance, internal process mechanism and optimization principle are not well studied. In this paper, we investigate distribution characteristics of chaotic systems, which support chaotic parameter in CE algorithm. Compared with other two parameter generators, i.e., a quadratic-like random generator and an uniform random generator, CE algorithm with chaotic parameter generated by the logistic map (μ = 4) shows better optimization performance significantly. We also make an algorithm comparison with differential evolution and an algorithm ranking by Friedman test and Bonferroni-Dunn test. The related topics on relationship between optimization performance of CE algorithm and chaotic parameter distribution are analysed and discussed. From these analyses and discussions, it indicates that chaotic parameter distribution is a significant factor that influences optimization performance of CE algorithm.

22
A concept for a novel surgical navigation system
A new concept for surgical navigation in minimally-invasive interventions is presented, which allows an enhanced orientation of the surgeon with reduced cost and system complexity. The navigation system takes advantage of recorded image data, including the preoperatively computed tomography (CT) and magnetic resonance tomography (MRT) data, which are registered and segmented in order to obtain relevant biological markers, as well as the intraoperative camera data. A device for absolute positioning, included in the laparoscope and consisting of an acoustic indoor localization with a supporting inertial measurement unit (IMU), fuses these different navigation data for reliable 6 degree-of-freedom (DOF) position and orientation estimation. With those navigation information of the laparoscope, the landmarks of the preoperative data are localized on the intraoperative camera images via augmented reality and thus the site of the relevant features (e. g., a carcinoma) is determined.

23
A conflict resolution approach for emergency decision of unconventional incidents
In multiple attribute group decision making (MAGDM) problems, the conflict-resolution process is a vital procedure to get an agreement with low degree of conflict. In this paper, we present a discrete model to support the conflict-resolution process. Firstly, according to the contribution index of each expert, a weight-updating model is constructed to reduce the effect of experts whose preferences are opposed to the group preference. In the preference adjustment process, an iterative algorithm is proposed to adjust the individual preferences which have the maximum deviation from the corresponding group ones to retain the original opinion of experts as much as possible. Then, the choice of the best alternative(s) from the group decision is obtained by the simple additive weighting (SAW) method. Finally, an illustrative example is given to verify the effectiveness of our model.

24
A directed graph based feature definition for classifying nursing-care texts
In the aging society such as Japan, we feel large importance for improving the quality of nursing-care to keep our quality of life. Development of a computer aided evaluation system for improving the quality of nursing-care is our final goal. In order to evaluate the quality of actual nursing in wide areas in Japan, we have been collecting texts that are written by nurses using our Web based system. A SVM based classification system has been developed to classify such nursing-care texts, and a dependency relation based feature vector definition has also been proposed in our previous researches. When we train the SVM based classification system, pre-classified nursing-care texts by a few nursing-care experts are used as a training data set. Some texts in the training data are similar but classified into different classes. To classify the nursing-care texts with high accuracy, we need to extract numerical features that can express characteristics of the original text. In this paper, we explain some feature vector definitions and propose a directed graph based feature vector definition.

25
A distributed PSO-ARIMA-SVR hybrid system for time series forecasting
The combination of techniques in order to achieve more accurate predictions in time series forecasting has been widely applied. Statistical linar models such as the autoregressive integrated moving average (ARIMA) can not capture nonlinear patterns in time series. Therefore nonlinear models such as the support vector regression (SVR) are able to map such patterns. Thus time series can be decomposed in linear and nonlinear patterns. In order to capture both types of patterns a hybrid system comprised by ARIMA and SVR models optimized by the particle swarm optimization (PSO) algorithm is applied to perform predictions. The results show that the proposed method achieved promising results for one-step ahead predictions.

26
A driver support system to prevent traffic accidents caused by optical illusions
Optical illusions during night driving have a possibility to induce serious traffic accidents. This study, therefore, aims to build an automatic assistance system to detect the visual illusions and to alert drivers to potential dangers. In simulation studies, the proposed support system was able to decide the correct positional relationship between two automobiles from tail lamps and silhouette images. The Speeded-Up Robust Features (SURF) technique, which can identify image features, was also applied to actual driving scenes with external noises (e.g., streetlights, traffic signs, etc.). In future works, machine learning based on the image features could realize a robust assistance system.

27
A driver-vehicle interface based on ERD/ERS potentials and alpha rhythm
In this paper, we propose a novel driver-vehicle interface by using the event-related desynchronizations (ERD) and event-related synchronization (ERS) potentials induced by motor imagery in conjunction with alpha rhythm to interact with a vehicle. The alpha rhythm, which is recognized by using a linear discriminant analysis (LDA) classifier, is employed to control the starting and stopping of the vehicle. The ERD/ERS brain-computer interface (BCI) is applied to control the turning left and right of the vehicle. A simulated vehicle based on the proposed driver-vehicle interface is developed and tested online by applying a driving task, including vehicle starting and stopping, lane keeping and curve negotiation, and avoiding obstacle. The experimental results suggest that the proposed interface is feasible.

28
A dynamic stock trading system based on a Multi-objective Quantum-Inspired Tabu Search algorithm
Recently evolutionary algorithms, such as the Genetic Algorithm (GA), Genetic Programming (GP) and Particle Swarm Optimization (PSO), have become common approaches used in financial applications to address stock trading problems. In this paper, we propose a novel method called the Multi-objective Quantum-inspired Tabu Search (MOQTS) algorithm, which can be applied in a stock trading system. Determining the best time to buy and sell in the stock market and maximizing profits while incurring fewer risks are important issues in financial research. In order to identify ideal trading points, the proposed trading system uses various kinds of technical indicators as trading rules in order to cope with different stock situations. The proposed algorithm is used to identify the optimal combination of trading rules as our trading strategy. Moreover, it makes use of a sliding window in order to avoid the major problem of over-fitting. In the experiment, the algorithm uses both profit earned and other aspects, such as successful transaction rate and standard deviation, to analyze this system. The experimental results, in relation to profit earned and successful transaction rates in the U.S.A stock market, outperform both the traditional method and the Buy & Hold method which are common benchmarks in the field.

29
A feature-emphasized clustering method for 2D vector field
Large-scale vector data produce the vector field clustering in flow visualization. To emphasize essential flow features, a new clustering method for 2D vector fields is proposed in this paper. With this method, the vector field is firstly initialized as a cluster, which is then iteratively divided into a hierarchy of clusters. During the iteration, clusters are segmented with streamlines instead of straight lines. This change enables it to emphasize flow features, since streamlines are consistent with flow behaviors, and clusters shaped by streamlines are aligned to the underlying flow. It is easy to capture flow patterns and features from resulting clusters. Moreover, our method improves representative vectors of clusters, leading to a more efficient approximation to the original field. Test results show that it is superior to other similar methods in terms of preserving flow features and approximating vector fields.

30
A flexible contracts approach to system resiliency
Contract-based design (CBD) employs formalisms that explicitly define system requirements, constraints, and interfaces. This paper explores a contract-based design paradigm for expressing system resiliency features. Specifically, resilience formalisms are defined in terms of invariant and flexible assertions. A flexible assertion is one that is learned during system operation and can accommodate unpredicted system behaviors. Invariant assertions are fixed system constraints that are known a priori. A general model structure comprising four key features that contribute to system resilience is presented. In particular, the concept of flexible contracts is operationalized using the Hidden Markov Model (HMM) construct. A system architecture based on flexible contracts and lightweight error monitoring and resiliency response mechanisms is also presented. The proposed framework can serve as a testbed to experiment with different systems resiliency approaches.

31
A force-controlled human-assistive robot for laparoscopic surgery
In this contribution a novel human-assistive robot for laparoscopic surgery is presented. The purpose of the proposed system is to improve the ergonomics of laparoscopic surgery by reducing the physical load on the surgeon. Selected examples of existing robotic systems for medical and manufacturing applications are compared to the suggested system. After a brief description of the system's main features, a velocity-based admittance controller for regulating the interaction force is introduced. The desired interaction force is the sum of the required supporting force and a force-feedback, signalizing workspace constraints. The supporting force varies in magnitude and direction depending on the surgeon's posture and allows for individual adjustments to the needs of the surgeon on duty.

32
A framework for proactive assistance: Summary
Advanced Driving Assistance Systems usually provide assistance to drivers only once a high risk situation has been detected. Indeed, it is difficult for an embedded system to understand driving situations, and to predict early enough that it is to become uncomfortable or dangerous. Most of ADAS work assume that interactions between road entities do not exist (or are limited), and that all drivers react in the same manner in similar conditions. We propose a framework that enables to fill these gaps. On one hand, an ontology which is a conceptual description of entities present in driving spaces is used to understand how all the perceived entities interact together with the subject vehicle, and govern its behavior. On the other hand, a dynamic Bayesian Network enables to estimate the driver situation awareness with regard to the perceived objects, based on the ontology inferences, map information, driver actuation and driving style.

33
A fresh perspective on robustness of equilibrium in the Graph Model
A novel approach to rank equilibria based on their robustness using the concept of levels of freedom is proposed to evaluate stability of states in conflicts, modelled within the Graph Model for Conflict Resolution framework. The approach provides insights into equilibrium resiliency to deviation caused by decision makers' preference changes. This is especially useful to explore the possibility of conflict evolution. Equilibrium states are sensitive to changes in preference when unilateral moves become unilateral improvements. In this new approach, the freedom of a decision maker to deviate from an equilibrium is assessed to reflect its robustness.

34
A genetic algorithm designed for robot trajectory planning
In this work, we deal with a class of problem of trajectory planning taking into account the smoothness of the trajectory. We assume that we have a set of positions in which the robot must pass. These positions are not assigned in the time axis. This kind of result can be found in many works of trajectory planning. Thus, this result is not complete in the sense that we do not have the complete trajectory and, we do not have any idea about the whole time to move. In this work, we propose a formulation of this problem, where the total length of the trajectory and the total time to move from the initial to the final position are minimized simultaneously. In order to avoid abrupt movement, we should ensure the smoothness of the trajectory at the position, the velocity and the acceleration levels. Thus, the position function must be at least two times differentiable. We use a genetic algorithm to resolve this problem and we show the efficiency of the proposed technique by simulation.

35
A genetic algorithm for the routing of droplets in DMFB: Preliminary results
Digital Microfluidic Biochips (DMFB) are revolutionizing clinical diagnostics and most of the biochemical processes that take place in a laboratory, mainly because of its capability for automation, low cost, portability, and efficiency. One important challenge in designing such devices is the droplet routing problem, which basically consists in mobilizing each droplet in the DMFB from its source to its target cells so that fluidic and timing constraints are met, while minimizing simultaneously the amount of cells used and the arrival time of the last droplet. In this paper, we propose a novel representation along with the corresponding genetic operators for the NSGA-II to deal with the droplet routing problem, where the number of used cells and the last droplet arrival time are optimized. Experimental results show that our representation and genetic operators lead to competitive results with respect to those obtained by state-of-the-art methods. To the best of the authors knowledge, this is the first time the droplet routing problem is dealt with an evolutionary algorithm approach.

36
A guided Hopfield evolutionary algorithm with local search for maximum clique problem
In this paper, a novel hybrid evolutionary algorithm combining a Hopfield net and a local search strategy is proposed to solve maximum clique problem. The algorithm makes full use of powerful searching capability of Hopfield net and probabilistic statistic feature of estimation of distribution algorithm to produce wider search in global solution domain. In particular, a possible extension way correlated with local search optimization is introduced to affect the mutation probability thus to produce guided evolution. Experiments on the popular DIMACS benchmark demonstrate that the hybrid evolutionary algorithm produces comparable and better results than other compared algorithms, including EA/G which is a state-of-the-art algorithm in the field of evolutionary computation.

37
A hierarchical approach to study supply chain conflicts between Airbus and Boeing
Supply chain conflicts between Airbus and Boeing, along with potential suppliers are investigated using a hierarchical approach to obtain the strategic resolutions for all stakeholders. Two giant commercial aircraft makers, Airbus and Boeing, complete for better deals by selecting components for their newly designed aircraft, incurring conflicts due to their rivalry and the clash of interests with suppliers. To control the costs of their next generation aircraft and shorten the production period, both manufacturers demand better deals from potential suppliers with lower prices and more output. A conflict arises among the manufacturers and potential suppliers in the negotiation of the contract in each supply chain. To investigate these conflicts comprehensively, a hierarchical approach is adopted by constructing a Graph Model for Conflict Resolution (GMCR) with a hierarchical structure. The stakeholders may obtain strategic resolutions according to possible outcomes indicated by stability results. These findings in the hierarchical graph model are further compared to those obtained when each conflict is investigated separately.

38
A human-oriented mutual assistive framework using collaborative filtering towards disasters
Originally, collaborative filtering was adopted in purchase recommendation systems (e.g., Amazon.com) based on purchased history. In this paper, we apply collaborative filtering on the basis of accumulated feedbacks of the data extracted from social media from a community of users to build up a knowledge-based framework that can match offers to needs in disaster and emergency situations. This framework is constructed by high-level data fusion, i.e., incorporating text-based natural language processing with image-based processing using long-term relevance feedback, and learns user's preferences and adjusts their needs and offers accordingly. It can be deemed as a fundamental trial for timely mutual assist in disasters.

39
A hybrid FMM-CART model for human activity recognition
In this paper, the application of a hybrid model combining the fuzzy min-max (FMM) neural network and the classification and regression tree (CART) to human activity recognition is presented. The hybrid FMM-CART model capitalizes the merits of both FMM and CART in data classification and rule extraction. To evaluate the effectiveness of FMM-CART, two data sets related to human activity recognition problems are conducted. The results obtained are higher than those reported in the literature. More importantly, practical rules in the form of a decision tree are extracted to provide explanation and justification for the predictions from FMM-CART. This outcome positively indicates the potential of FMM-CART in undertaking human activity recognition tasks.

40
A hybrid biometric system using touch-panel-based finger-vein identification and deformable-registration-based face identification
A hybrid biometric system, which is combined with a touch-panel-based finger-vein-identification device and a deformable-registration-based face-identification module, is proposed. For this system, the touch-panel-based device is developed for access control at a facility. For finger-vein identification, a user only needs to touch the device screen. At the same time, face images of the user are acquired and enrolled in the face-identification module. Access control and surveillance inside the facility are performed by the face-identification module. The touch-panel-based device can not only provide high-accuracy authentication but also greatly reduce the user's burden during finger-vein-pattern acquisition. Furthermore, a face-alignment and identification algorithm based on deformable registration is proposed. A performance evaluation of the proposed hybrid biometric system demonstrated that the system can provide biometric authentication with both high reliability and user convenience.

41
A lossless (2, 8)-chaos-based secret image sharing scheme
This paper introduces a new (2, 8)-secret image sharing scheme integrating the chaos-based image encryption with secret image sharing. It divides the secret image into 8 encrypted shares. Combining any two or more shares is able to completely reconstruct the secret image without any distortion. Each image share is only one pixel larger than the secret image in row and column directions. The proposed scheme is able to directly process the secret images with various formats such as the binary, grayscale, and color images. Experimental and comparison results demonstrate the excellent performance of the proposed scheme.

42
A many-objective evolutionary algorithm based on directional diversity and favorable convergence
The performances of Pareto-based multi-objective evolutionary algorithms deteriorate severely when solving many-objective optimization problems (MaOPs) mainly due to the loss of selection pressure and inappropriate design in diversity maintenance mechanism. To handling MaOPs, this paper proposes a many-objective evolutionary algorithm (MaOEA) based on directional diversity and favorable convergence (MaOEA-DDFC). In the algorithm, the mating selection based on favorable convergence and Pareto-dominance is applied to strengthen the selection pressure while an environmental selection considering directional diversity and favorable convergence is designed in order to make a good trade-off between diversity and convergence. To validate algorithm performance, seven DTLZ problems with 3, 5, 7 and 10 objectives are tested. Experimental results show that the proposed MaOEA-DDFC performs better than five state-of-the-art MaOEAs in terms of inverted generational distance and hypervolume indicators.

43
A mental disorder early warning approach by observing depression symptom in social diary
With the advances of information technology, there are increasing researches aiming at assisting depression diagnosis and treatment. In most of them the user is necessarily actively joining the diagnosis and treatment program while he has perceived mental disorder himself. In order to early prevent the mental disorder, in this paper we propose an early warning mechanism that observes and mines user diary published on social network platform, and generates a score of getting mental disordered or depressed. If the score is large than a threshold, the system can notify the user and his friends on the social network to take care about the friend. We have conducted experiments to evaluate the proposed approach, and the results show that the proposed approach is effective.

44
A method for elicitation and combination of imprecise probabilities: A mathematical programming approach
In this paper, a method of elicitation and expert aggregation, supported by existing models in the literature, is developed. To avoid cognitive problems resulting from numerical judgment, comparative judgment of probability is used in the elicitation process, where the best way to represent the data is admitted to be by imprecise probability models. In this sense, a linear programming model is used to convert such judgment into probability intervals. For the aggregation of experts, a quadratic programming model is used, where the use of different metrics to represent the weights will be discussed.

45
A methodology for classification of lesions in mammographies using Zernike Moments, ELM and SVM Neural Networks in a multi-kernel approach
The WHO (World Health Organization) estimates that, in 2012, it will emerge 1.7 million new cases of breast cancer in world. Many studies aim to distinguish malignant cancers from benign. The goal of the proposed work is give to health professional more subsidies in order to analyze the patient situation, through the tumor contour classification. The lesion contour is a predominant factor in order to choose the appropriate treatment for the patient and detecting the degree of malignancy of the cancer. The proposed work classifies the lesion according the American College of Radiology rules. It is employed two groups of Zernike Moments in order to descript the tumor contour and applied to ELM and SVM Neural Networks. Different from the ELM and SVM in literature, the proposed work extends these two neural networks to kernel learning. The best result is about 80% of hit rate, using SVM with a RBF kernel.

46
A methodology to design low cost mobile applications for health for rural communities using participatory design and popular education
Most of the food consumed in Brazilian cities, as in other big urban spaces, is produced by family farming. The economic sustainability of these family communities depends on the range of primary health care. The rational use of medicinal plants is recognized by the World Health Organization (WHO) as an important element of healing practices and nutrition education. Mobile health applications can contribute to both the rational use of medicinal plants and herbal medicines as to the health sustainability of family farming communities, improving the quality of primary health care in ethnic and traditional communities and the preservation of popular knowledge. This paper proposes a methodology for the development of applications for mobile devices geared to popular health education based on participatory human-computer interface design and popular education, taking into account to improve the quality of basic health care by aiding communitary health agents and popular communities at health education for the rational use of medicinal plants. As a case study we developed a basic architecture and a prototype based on Android, from the results of participatory workshops in a rural area of the North Forest in the State of Pernambuco, Brazil. The participatory workshops were designed to promote the proposed methodology of combining participatory design and popular education.

47
A model of Demand Response scheduling for cement plant
The purpose of Demand Response (DR) is to guarantee that the power grid runs in an efficient and stable status by letting the consumers participate in the grid operation. Numerous studies of DR modeling and analysis are implemented for consumers in the residential and commercial sectors, while the studies on the DR in the industrial sector are relatively immature. The ability to participate in DR differs due to the differences in the production processes of different industries. In this paper, we analyze the process and characteristics of cement production, one of the biggest industrial power consumers in China. A simulation model for cement plant based on the start probability of process equipment is also described. Simulation results of a case study show how the plant's loads shift under a Time-of-use (TOU) application.

48
A modified aspect model for simulation analysis
This paper proposes a new latent class model to represent user segments in a marketing model of electric commerce sites. The aspect model proposed by T. Hofmann is well known and is also called the probabilistic latent semantic indexing (PLSI) model. Although the aspect model is one of effective models for information retrieval, it is difficult to interpret the meaning of the probability of latent class in terms of marketing models. It is desirable that the probability of latent class means the size of customer segment for the purpose of marketing research. Through this formulation, the simulation analysis to dissect the several situations become possible by using the estimated model. The impact of the strategy that we contact to the specific customer segment and make effort to increase the number of customers belonging to this segment can be predicted by using the model demonstrating the size of customer segment. This paper proposes a new model whose probability parameter of latent variable means the rate of users with the same preference in market. By applying the proposed model to the data of an internet portal site for job hunting, the effectiveness of our proposal is verified.

49
A multi-agent based failure prediction method using neural network algorithm
A continuous monitoring system with high reliability is significantly important for complex equipment which is usually expensive, large-scale and sophisticated. Once a failure happens, it brings about not only serious economic losses, but also potential security hazards. In order to overcome outage damage caused by temporary failure and ensure excellent operation of the equipment, this paper presented an effective prediction model which combined the back propagation neural network (BPNN) with multi-agent cooperation grouping algorithm. The values of weights and thresholds of BPNN were obtained through optimization results of the multi-agent cooperation grouping algorithm. Based on above initialization parameters which met corresponding demands, repeated BPNN training was utilized to forecast fault. Case study on continuous casting equipment validated that the proposed model is valid for failure prognosis with forecasting accuracy elevated, compared with classical BPNN prediction method. Another comparison, function approximation experiment on the basis of a benchmark function, also showed that the suggested method is superior to BPNN in convergence speed.

50
A multi-agent based optimal operation for microgrid
In this paper, we propose an autonomous microgrid operation by using multi-agent approach. The proposed multi-agent system consists of seven types of agent (AG). In a microgrid, load AGs act as consumers or buyers, generator AGs, photovoltaic AGs and wind-turbine generation AGs act as producers or sellers, and battery AGs act as prosumers or sellers/buyers. In order to verify the performance of the proposed system, it applied to a simple model system with different electrical power prices. From the simulation results, it can be seen the proposed multi-agent system could perform a smart-grid operation efficiently.

51
A multiagent system for simulating pedestrian-vehicle interaction
The interaction between pedestrians and vehicles is most critical when a pedestrian tries to walk across a street. The section for a pedestrian to walk across the street is a conflict region if a vehicle is approaching that area where traffic lights are needed in order to protect pedestrians and also allow a smooth traffic flow. This research uses a multiagent method to build a simulation system to monitor how traffic lights affect the interaction between pedestrians and vehicles. By using agents, different kinds of pedestrians in different age and gender groups can be created to show a more realistic scenario of pedestrian reactions on the street. Agents control individual vehicles to simulate different driving possibilities. By using this system, we can adjust traffic lights differently to see how effective traffic lights can be set. By using agents, different research results on pedestrian models or vehicle models can be implemented independently and can be integrated in simulation. In addition, agents can also carry personal preferences to behave differently under different circumstances.

52
A multicriteria model for characterizing the strategic role of IT in organizations
Knowledge of the strategic role of technology and information systems in organizations is of critical importance for future investments in this area. Therefore, several authors have proposed models that enable the role of information systems in organizational processes to be analyzed strategically. Given the lack of a formal model for sorting organizations with respect to the strategic positioning of information systems, this paper puts forward a multicriteria model for categorizing organizations from the categories defined by the proposed IS Strategic Impact Grid.

53
A multicriteria model for selecting renewable energy systems in a distributed generation context
One of the challenging tasks that Smart Grids deal with is how to integrate distributed generation (DG) and renewable energy systems (RES). An important aspect in Smart Grids is that both demand and distributed generation (DG) are directly connected to the distribution network. The greater the numbers of DGs in a distribution network are, the more complicated it is to decide what the optimal DG outputs are, especially as two problems to do with voltage regulation and reverse power flow frequently arise. Multicriteria decision making models can be useful to support distribution operators to overcome their problems. A numerical application illustrates the use of a multicriteria decision making model for selecting what RES should be switched off in case of overgeneration.

54
A multiple-search multi-start framework for metaheuristics
Until now, most, if not all, of the metaheuristic algorithms have been extremely sensitive to the initial solutions and may even converge to a local optimum at early iterations for most optimization problems. This paper introduces an effective and efficient framework, called multiple-search multi-start (MSMS), to mitigate the impact of these problems. To evaluate the performance of the proposed framework, we apply it to k-means and particle swarm optimization for the clustering problem and compare the results with those of several well-known clustering algorithms. The experimental results show that the proposed framework can significantly enhance the performance of not only single-solution-based but also population-based metaheuristic algorithms in terms of both the quality and the computation time.

55
A new approach to decision support for environmental conflict resolution
An environmental conflict that occurred in Elmira, a small town in southwestern Ontario, Canada is re-examined using a modified version of the Graph Model for Conflict Resolution (GMCR). A newly developed decision support system (DSS) is utilized to carry out the analysis using the new “Inverse GMCR” approach. The new DSS features automatic graph drawing and in-depth conflict analysis, and provide new insights.

56
A new approach to overhead cranes parameter estimation and friction modeling
For the purpose of accurate position control in the majority of mechanical control systems, the parameters of the system should be determined either by the manufacturer or by using system identification techniques. In this paper, a new approach is presented for estimating the parameters of an overhead crane that includes the actuators' parameters and Coulomb friction modeling as well. The main idea behind this approach is inspired by independent joint control strategy in robot manipulator control field in which the actuators are considered as the main process to be controlled. The nonlinear dynamics of the overhead crane is then modeled as disturbances acting on each actuator. The outcome is a decoupled model that enables us to determine the parameters of the overhead crane in each direction of motion independently using Recursive Least Squares technique. The experimental results on a laboratory-sized overhead crane indicate high accuracy in the identified system model and a potential of its application in the design of high-performance control systems for overhead cranes.

57
A new class of learning automata for selecting an optimal subset
Interacting with a random environment, Learning Automata (LAs) are automata that, generally, have the task of learning the optimal action based on responses from the environment. Distinct from the traditional goal of Learning Automata to select only the optimal action out of a set of actions, this paper considers a multiple-action selection problem and proposes a novel class of Learning Automata for selecting an optimal subset of actions. Their objective is to identify the optimal subset: the top k out of r actions. Based on conventional continuous pursuit and discretized pursuit learning schemes, this paper introduces four pursuit learning schemes for selecting the optimal subset, called continuous equal pursuit, discretized equal pursuit, continuous unequal pursuit and discretized unequal pursuit learning schemes, respectively. In conjunction with a reward-inaction learning paradigm, the above four schemes lead to four versions of pursuit Learning Automata for selecting the optimal subset. The simulation results present a quantitative comparison between them.

58
A new comparison of Kalman filtering methods for chaotic series
Kalman filters are rooted in the technical literature, as a way of predicting new states in nonlinear systems providing a recursive solution to the problem of linear optimal filtering. Therefore, 54 years after its discovery, many modifications have been proposed in order to obtain better accuracy and speed. Some of these changes are used in this work; these being the Extended Kalman Filter (EKF), Unscented Kalman Filter (UKF) and Kalman Filter Cubature, intense research demonstrate the performance of each of their possible modifications and improvements, such as the use of Neural Networks in order to obtain an approximate model of the real system. The objective of this work is to use a known model, and testing eight possible modifications of these algorithms, thus obtaining better algorithm for future implementation with Neural Networks (NN), this being used for servo positioning in unstructured environments.

59
A new deadlock prevention policy for multi-cluster tools with dual path
Multi-cluster tools are widely used for semiconductor silicon wafer production. The multi-cluster tools system consists of two or more cluster tools connected with buffer or process modules. Deadlocks are frequently caused in the multi-cluster tools by the restriction of transfer modules and limited number of available spaces. In this paper, we propose a novel deadlock prevention policy for multi-cluster tools. A timed Petri net model for multi-cluster tools is developed. A new deadlock prevention policy is proposed. The proposed deadlock prevention policy is applied to dual-armed multi-cluster tool with dual path. The deadlock-freeness is confirmed by deriving empty siphons for the Petri net model. The computational results show that the performance of scheduling with the proposed deadlock prevention policy is better than the conventional deadlock prevention policy.

60
A new group decision making method based on likelihood-based comparison relations of hesitant fuzzy linguistic term sets
In this paper, we present a new group decision making method based on likelihood-based comparison relations of hesitant fuzzy linguistic term sets. The likelihood-based comparison relation of hesitant fuzzy linguistic term sets is used to compare two hesitant fuzzy linguistic term sets. The fuzzy optimistic target, the fuzzy neutral target and the fuzzy pessimistic target are used to reflect experts' attitudes. The proposed method is more flexible than the existing method due to the fact that it considers experts' attitudes for group decision making. It provides us with a useful way for group decision making in a fuzzy environment.

61
A new hybrid intelligence algorithm for global optimization in logistics distribution system
Modern city logistics plays an important role in developing economics, so many intelligent algorithms are employed to solve the problem locating the product distribution centers to minimize the total cost. Many factors affecting the cost must be taken into account. This paper proposes mathematical model of the problem and introduces a new hybrid intelligent algorithm by combining particle swarm optimization algorithm with gradient descent algorithm. Numerical experiments demonstrate the proposed algorithm has a better performance than those compared.

62
A new optimized grey verhulst model and its application
In order to improve the precision of grey forecasting model, an optimized grey verhulst model based on grey prediction modeling mechanism is proposed in this paper. At first, the traditional grey verhulst model is given and an inherent error is found for this model. Then, a new method is used to construct the optimized grey derivative. Furthermore, auxiliary parameters are proposed, and original parameters can be restored by equations which meet the property of unbiasedness. In the last section, the new model is used to check the property of unbiasedness and forecast the development cost of Y125. This application is presented to illustrate the effectiveness and practicality of the proposed model.

63
A new parallelization model for detecting temporal bursts in large-scale document streams on a multi-core CPU
Burstiness is the simplest but the most robust criterion for detecting topics and events in online documents. Online documents are referred to as document streams because they have a temporal order. Kleinberg's temporal burst detection algorithm is the most successful algorithm for detecting bursty periods related to a topic- or event-related keyword. Kleinberg's temporal burst detection algorithm aims to find certain time periods in which a keyword occurs at a high frequency. In recent times, large-scale online documents are increasingly common on social media. Therefore, speed-up of burst-detection processing is one of the most important issues in this era of big data. In this paper, we propose a novel parallelization model, called the hybrid parallelization model with a hidden I/O thread, to enable the parallel processing of Kleinberg's temporal burst detection algorithm on a multi-core CPU. In a multi-core CPU environment, I/O latency is a critical issue for improving the performance of a parallelization model. To automatically hide the I/O latency, the proposed parallelization model utilizes speculative I/Os. The results of experiments using actual large-scale document streams show that the proposed parallelization model performs well compared with a conventional parallelization model.

64
A new proximity aware similarity metric for contiguous clustering for segmenting signals
There are various motivations to cluster a set of signals. The common time-series clustering problem is, (1) where the features over the signal time-span of the members, belonging to the same cluster, are same. In other words, the model generating them are same. The other problem could be (2) to divide every member of a multivariate signal into fragments within which individual signals exhibit similar features, which vary from one partition to other. The properties may differ from one signal to other, but the boundaries of the partitions are same. We propose an algorithm to solve problem (2). There are algorithms to divide a single time-series into K segments such that the generating parameters (like regression coefficients) are same for individual segments. It is a complex problem to find the optimum boundaries for K segments and modeling parameters for each segment, minimizing the error. In this work, our target is to segment signals based on features extracted at discrete points in time. Simple clustering algorithms assign same cluster labels based on some similarity measure between feature-vectors, irrespective of their contiguity. As a result, members of a cluster, in general, will be scattered over the time-span of the signal. Members of the same cluster will not be contiguous. To achieve individual clusters to be contiguous, neighboring samples are to be assigned to the same cluster with higher probability, than a sample at further distance, though with similar feature. In our algorithm, similarity measure includes contiguity information of samples from their original physical space. The algorithm consists of calculating the modified similarity metric, and two layers of clustering. The complexity is similar to simple clustering algorithm and therefore it is fast. We applied the algorithm for clustering multivariate EEG signals. The stability of the result over different samples verify the reliability of the algorithm.

65
A new reversible data hiding algorithm in the encryption domain
This paper introduces a new reversible data hiding algorithm in the encryption domain. It integrates data hiding into the image encryption process to achieve different level of access right and security. Computer simulations and comparisons demonstrate that the proposed algorithm can withstand the differential attack and outperforms other existing methods in terms of security and the message embedding capacity that is 52% larger than the state-of-the-art method in the best scenario. The marked decrypted images of our proposed method show the best visual quality according to the PSNR results.

66
A new routing area displacement prediction for Location-Based Services based on an enhanced ant colony
In Location-Based Services (LBSs), the service is provided based on the users' locations through location determination and mobility anticipation. Most of the current location prediction research focuses on generalised location models, where the geographic extent is divided into regular shape cells. One such technique is the Mobility Prediction based on an Ant System (MPAS), which depends on the earlier Ant Colony Optimisation (ACO) that suffers from problems such as search stagnation and pheromone update. In this paper, a New Routing Area Displacement Prediction (NRADP) is introduced, which works on the routing-area level instead of the cell level. Experimental results show that the NRADP offers improved effectiveness, higher prediction rate, and a reduced search stagnation ratio in comparison with the MPAS.

67
A non-intrusive three-way catalyst diagnostics monitor based on support vector machines
The three-way catalytic converter performance degrades as it ages over time due to many phenomenon such as catalyst poisoning, sintering or physical damage of the instrument. To reduce the emission impact on environment, the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) regulations requires the on-board diagnostics (OBD) method to set a flag (fault code) once the catalyst reaches its threshold. In this work, we propose a support vector machine based non-intrusive classification method to diagnose the catalyst as it ages. To further improve the model robustness and to reduce the size of support vectors, multiple clustering algorithms were evaluated. The model was tested on multiple catalyst systems under various operating conditions and good results were observed.

68
A note on the correlated multiple matrix completion based on the convex optimization method
In this paper, we consider a completion problem of multiple related matrices. Matrix completion problem is the problem to estimate unobserved elements of the matrix from observed elements. It has many applications such as collaborative filtering, computer vision, biology, and so on. In cases where we can obtain some related matrices, we can expect that their simultaneous completion has better performance than completing each matrix independently. Collective matrix factorization is a powerful approach to jointly factorize multiple matrices. However, existing completion algorithms for the collective matrix factorization have some drawbacks. One is that most existing algorithms are based on non-convex formulations of the problem. Another is that only a few existing algorithms consider the strength of the relation among matrices and it results in worse performance when some matrices are actually not related. In this paper, we formulate the multiple matrix completion problem as the convex optimization problem. Moreover, it considers the strength of the relation among matrices. We also develop an optimization algorithm which solves the proposed problem efficiently based on the alternating direction method of multipliers (ADMM). We verify the effectiveness of our approach through numerical experiments on both synthetic data and real data set: MovieLens.

69
A novel classification method with unlearned-class detection based on a gaussian mixture model
This paper proposes a novel method of estimating posteriori probability for learned and unlearned classes based on a Gaussian mixture model (GMM). With prior distributions of learned and unlearned classes defined as a novel GMM incorporating a one-versus-the-rest classifier, any defined/undefined class can be classified through training of the classifier using given training samples. This method can be used for bioelectric signal discrimination in various applications such as human-machine interfaces and diagnosis support systems. In the experiments reported here, artificial data generated from Gaussian distributions and electromyogram (EMG) patterns measured from the forearm muscles of a volunteer were classified to demonstrate the capabilities of the proposed method for learned and unlearned class discrimination. The results showed that the approach produces high performance for classification of learned (artificial data: 100%; EMG patterns: 95.6%) and unlearned (artificial data: 93.4%; EMG patterns: 70.4%) classes based on simple neural network comparison, and indicated that the proposed method is applicable to human-machine interfaces such as prosthetic hand control systems.

70
A novel cognitive architecture for a human-like virtual player in the mirror game
The so called mirror game, which in its simplest formulation involves two people mirroring each other's hand's movement, provides a paradigm to study social interaction. However, a customized virtual player can replace either of the two human participants and hopefully help with the rehabilitation of patients suffering from social disorders by regulating its kinematics. In this paper we investigate the coordination movement between an avatar (virtual player) and a human player in the mentioned game. A novel cognitive architecture is proposed to drive the motion of the virtual player so that it generates a human-like trajectory in two different experimental models. In order to achieve this objective, the Haken-Kelso-Bunz (HKB) equation is adopted to describe the social motor coordination between the virtual and the human player. In addition, both an adaptive algorithm for the coupling parameters in the HKB equation and a feedback controller are developed in order to guarantee human features for the virtual player in its kinematics. Finally, extensive experiments are conducted to validate the approach described above.

71
A novel cooperative coevolution for large scale global optimization
For large scale global optimization problems, the efficiency and effectiveness of evolutionary algorithms (EAs) will be much reduced with the dimension increasing. In this paper, a novel evolutionary algorithm is proposed in order to improve the performance of EAs. In the proposed algorithm, on one hand, a variable grouping strategy is introduced. It can group all variables into several subcomponents, while the variables in each subcomponent are non-separable. In this way, a large scale problem can be decomposed into several small scale problems. On the other hand, a filled function with one parameter is integrated into EAs, which can help algorithm to escape from the current local optimal solution and find a better one. The simulations are made on the standard benchmark suite in CEC'2013, and the proposed algorithm is compared with several well performed algorithms. The results indicate the proposed algorithm is more efficient and effective.

72
A novel demodulation algorithm for MEMS gyroscope digital control system
In order to further improve the performance of MEMS gyroscope, a novel demodulation algorithm all-phase Fast Fourier Transform (apFFT) based on FPGA is proposed to the digital control system, in which the drive detection signal and sensitive axis signal are demodulated respectively. Combining with automatic gain control (AGC) and phase-locked loop (PLL), the closed-loop drive control and high precision demodulated output of MEMS gyroscope have been implemented. A printed circuit board based on FPGA is manufactured and the corresponding experiment is carried out. The experimental results indicate that the digital control system with the apFFT demodulation algorithm of MEMS gyroscope achieves good performance. The amplitude variance of drive detection signal at room temperature is less than 2ppm. The relative error of phase difference between drive signal and drive detection signal is 33ppm. The bias stability of tested MEMS gyroscope is 2.62deg/h with the scale factor being 7.95mV/deg/s. The tested gyroscope with all-phase FFT demodulation algorithm has a better ARW performance of 0.16deg/h/Hz1/2 than that using multiplication demodulation algorithm with ARW performance of 1.04deg/h/Hz1/2. The Experiment verifies that the proposed apFFT demodulation algorithm is feasible and effective.

73
A novel differential evolution for constrained optimization
A novel differential evolution with coevolution (CDE) for constrained optimization problems (COPs) is proposed in this paper. The proposed CDE treats a COP as a bi-objective optimization problem where the first objective remains the same objective function itself while the second objective accounts for the degree of constraint violations. It adopts a simple and straightforward idea to solve COPs by dividing the whole population into dual subpopulations based on their feasibility. Each subpopulation corresponds with only one objective alone. An information-sharing strategy is incorporated to exchange search information between the different subpopulations. The comparison of the proposed approach with selected state-of-the-art constraint handling techniques demonstrates on a number of benchmark problems that the proposed framework performs competitively and effectively.

74
A novel evolutionary algorithm solving optimization problems
This paper develops an novel evolutionary algorithm, I Ching algorithm (ICA) for solving optimization problems. The new algorithm employs an novel method by implying new operators from I Ching, which comes from ancient Chinese culture. There are some transformation methods such as a penalty method and a multiplier method. The penalty method is often used to solve optimization problems, because the solutions are often near the boundary of the feasible set and the method is used easily for its simplicity. In design the ICA, three operators - mutation operator, turnover operator, and mutual operator were developed by the authors based on the concept of I Ching transformations. These new operators are very flexible and search on the designed I Ching network in the evolution procedure. The proposed algorithm was applied to solving two optimization benchmark functions, Booth function and Hump function. Then, we compare the performance of ICA with genetic algorithm. The experimental results show that our proposed I Ching algorithm performs better than genetic algorithm in reaching the global optimum. It is much faster than those of genetic algorithms. Additionally, the ICA is also a universal method, which is suitable to different optimization problems.

75
A novel failure response policy for single-arm cluster tools with residency time constraints
It is very challenging to schedule a residency time-constrained single-arm cluster tool with failure-prone process modules. In some cases, when a failure occurs, the degraded tool is not schedulable. However, it is highly desired to respond to a process module failure properly such that the tool can continue working and the wafers in the tool can be completed in a feasible way. Thus, in this paper, Petri net models are developed to describe the discrete-event behavior of a single-arm cluster tool. With the models, failure response policies are given to control the cluster tool such that it can keep working without violating any residency time constraints. They are implemented via efficient real-time control laws. Illustrative examples are presented to show their usage.

76
A novel feature selection and extraction technique for classification
This paper presents a versatile technique for the purpose of feature selection and extraction - Class Dependent Features (CDFs). We use CDFs to improve the accuracy of classification and at the same time control computational expense by tackling the curse of dimensionality. In order to demonstrate the generality of this technique, it is applied to handwritten digit recognition and text categorization.

77
A novel hierarchical interaction model and HITS map for action recognition in static images
This paper proposes a novel fully automatic method to model the low-level human and object interactions for action recognition in the static images. Specifically, we exploit both the superpixels and the grid patches of an image to construct a hierarchical interaction graph and then develop an HITS map learning algorithm to learn the human-object interactions for recognizing the human actions. The major contributions of the paper are three-fold. First, a novel two-layer hierarchical interaction graph based on the superpixels and the grid patches is presented to model the low-level human-object interactions. Second, the novel HITS map, which is derived by the weighted HITS algorithm on the hierarchical interaction graph, assigns heavy weights to the important superpixels and grid patches that reveal more meaningful interactions. Third, the novel weighted image representation is derived from the learned HITS map for action recognition. Extensive experimental results show the feasibility of the proposed method using three representative datasets, namely, the Willow Action dataset, the UIUC Sports Event dataset and the CMU Sports dataset. In particular, the proposed method is able to (i) automatically model the human-object interactions without extensive manual annotations or numerous error-prone detections, and (ii) improve upon other popular methods in terms of action recognition performance.

78
A novel method for protein structure retrieval using tableau representation and sparse coding
Protein retrieval is a difficult task and has become a hot issue recently due to the complex structure and large data size of proteins. This work helps biologists investigate the link between structure and function of a protein in a deeper level and can be used in lots of biomedical applications. The retrieval system gives scores to all proteins in the database, e.g. SCOP or PDB, by given a query protein to compare with them. In this paper, we propose a novel algorithm based on sparse coding to retrieve proteins in the database using tableau representation. Both unsupervised and supervised methods are studied in the proposed algorithm where the sparse coefficient is regarded as similarity measurement. Experiments are conducted on ASTRAL 1.73 95% database and show that the proposed algorithms can improve the original feature extraction method which only uses cosine similarity.

79
A novel multi-feature fusion and sparse coding-based framework for image retrieval
In traditional image retrieval techniques, the query results are severely affected when the images of varying illumination and scale, as well as occlusion and corrosion. Seeking to solve this problem, this paper proposed a novel multi-feature fusion and sparse coding based framework for image retrieval. In the framework, firstly, inherent features of an image are extracted, and then dictionary learning method is utilized to construct them to be dictionary features. Finally, the proposed framework introduces sparse representation model to measure the similarity between two images. The merit is that a feature descriptor is coded as a sparse linear combination with respect to dictionary feature so as to achieve efficient feature representation and robust similarity measure. In order to check the validity of the framework, this paper conducted two groups of experiments on Corel-1000 image dataset and the Stirmark benchmark based database respectively. Experimental results show that the proposed framework is much more effective than the state-of-the-art methods not only in traditional image dataset but also in varying image dataset.

80
A novel particle swarm optimization with small world network and group decision information
Particle swarm optimization (PSO) is a daughter of artificial society and social learning. Hence, this paper excavates the ultimate source of PSO further, and then introduces the thinking of small world network and group decision information into it to obtain a new conceptual framework and algorithm variation for PSO, which is named PSO-WG. At the same time, the PSO-WG is discussed from the perspective of evolutionary computing to clarify the optimizing mechanism and improvement principles, which mainly includes the biological metaphor, implicit parallelism, operator mapping and feedback control analysis. Next, the computational model is proposed for achieve a self-contained optimization solution. Subsequently, a series of benchmark functions are tested and contrasted with the former representative algorithms to validate the feasibility and creditability of the new algorithm whose comprehensive performance is analyzed detailedly. Finally, the deficiency of PSO-WG and the working direction are pointed out clearly.

81
A novel secure protocol called FSSL using fuzzy controller for Web security
In this paper we designed a novel secure protocol using fuzzy controller for Web security. We made an intermediate layer between the transport layer and the application layer called Fuzzy Secure Sockets Layer (FSSL). Our proposed protocol is very similar to SSL; with a mechanism of FSSL protocol. Data encryption will be converted to fuzzy by fuzzy controller. If hackers want to access the data they need to convert data from fuzzy to actual data which is very difficult. This protocol is a combination of fuzzy logic and SSL protocol made. The cipher text converted to fuzzy by fuzzy controller and the cipher text length cannot disclose the length of fuzzy data. This cannot be easily attacked by an attacker.

82
A novel smart surgical robotic system with eye-hand coordination for surgical assistance
Remote operation is commonly used in modern robotic assisted surgery. A surgeon sits beside the console to operate an input device to control the slave robotic instrument performing tissue manipulation, while guided by visual feedback. Most people have high more dexterity on one hand than in the other. Humans prefer to use their more dexterous hand to do important tasks, such as holding a needle for suturing, while the other hand is used to assist. However, surgeons need to perform important task using both hands on a surgery. For example, they sometimes need use left hand to hold scalpels or needles for vital tissue intervention even if they are right-handed. This paper presents a novel smart surgical robotic system for surgical application. The robotic system is composed of two slave arms and two visual modules. Each slave arm consists of a 8 degree of freedom dexterous manipulator. Each visual module is composed of a 3 DOF manipulator and a flexible endoscope. The two slave arms and the two vision modules are closely located in a rectangular frame. Two phantom Omnis are used for tele-control of the two slave arms for tissue manipulation. The correspondence between the phantom Omnis and the slave arms could be swapped depending on the surgical requirement. Therefore, the user could always use the most dexterous hand for vital tasks. The two visual modules, located in the front and the back of the two slave arms respectively are used for visual feedback. Based on the different correspondence between the master and the slave arms, only one visual module will be selected to show its image in a monitor. As a result, the operator could always drive the slave arms for tissue manipulation with good eye-hand coordination. The preliminary experiment shows that the surgical robotic system is adequate.

83
A portable medical system for the early diagnosis and treatment of Traumatic Brain Injury
Although Traumatic Brain Injury (TBI) is recognized as a major public health concern, there is currently no efficient method of fast and reliable detection of mild TBI at the point of need, where the injury has occurred. This paper addresses this problem by proposing a portable system for emergency TBI diagnosis and monitored personalized treatment based on quantitative electroencephalography (qEEG) and High Definition transcranial Electrical Stimulation (HD-tES). The paper highlights three innovative elements of the proposed system: its architecture, communication framework, and diagnostic process for detecting TBI in emergency situations.

84
A proposal of a procedure for evaluating individual's expectations and perceptions based on SERVQUAL
This paper presents a procedure for assessing customer's expectations and perceptions on a service company, based on SERVQUAL. The proposal improves the original SERVQUAL, since it uses a method for constructing the linguistic scale to be used during the assessments. This method allows inferring from individuals themselves the perception that they have about the meaning of the language when it is being used to express opinions in the context in which the SERVQUAL will be applied. In order to illustrate the proposal procedure, an application in Service Company in Brazil is shown.

85
A proposal of l1 regularized distance metric learning for high dimensional sparse vector space
In this paper, we focus on pattern recognition based on the vector space model with the high dimensional and sparse data. One of the pattern recognition methods is metric learning which learns a metric matrix by using the iterative optimization procedure. However most of the metric learning methods tend to cause overfitting and increasing computational time for high dimensional and sparse settings. To avoid these problems, we propose the method of l1 regularized metric learning by using the algorithm of alternating direction method of multiplier (ADMM) in the supervised setting. The effectiveness of our proposed method is clarified by classification experiments by using the Japanese newspaper article and UCI machine learning repository. And we show proposed method is the special case of the statistical sparse covariance selection.

86
A reconfigurable control system based on biological immune mechanism
Most of the multivariable industrial production processes have latent failures on account of its complexity and uncertainty. This brings a great hidden threat to the control system's safety. Actuator fault is one of the commonest failures in control systems. This paper addresses a reconfigurable control system whose controller can be reconstructed when any actuator is faulty. Regard the control system as a biological immune system, an immune reconfigurable control system (IRCS) is designed. The IRCS includes an actuator monitor to imitate the immune surveillance mechanism, a decision module to imitate the immune response mechanism, a control strategy repository to imitate the immune memory mechanism and an adaptive learning module to imitate the immune learning mechanism. The IRCS is applied to the polyacrylonitrile carbon fiber coagulation bath, and the simulation results show that when there is any actuator fault, the IRCS can guarantee better performance compared with the conventional control schemes.

87
A reinforcement learning based robotic navigation system
It is a challenging task for an autonomous robot to navigate in an unknown environment. Machine learning could be useful to support the robot to adapt to the environment and learn the correct navigation skills quickly. In this paper, a reinforcement learning (Q-learning) based approach is proposed to help a robot to move out of an unknown maze. The definitions of the world states, actions and rewards of the algorithm are presented and some experiments are completed to validate the approach. The experimental results show that the proposed approach does have a good performance on mobile robot navigation.

88
A rich multi-agent architecture for collaborative multi-touch multi-user devices
The paper discusses the open multi-agent architecture of a system comprising a large multitouch multi-user graphics table, a large interactive board, and a number of peripheral devices including tablets, smartphones, or earphones, used for supporting collocated collaborative work. The system comprises several computers connected in a network, or through WiFi or Bluetooth interfaces. The system software is organized around two multi-agent platforms. The first one, JADE, written in Java is used to integrate agents directly into the toolkits which use Java. The second one, OMAS, written in Lisp is used to implement conversational intelligent agents. The paper discusses the role and the use of both platforms and how they are connected to work together. Although developed in a project addressing collaborative Preliminary Design, the system and its architecture can be used in any application composed of sequences of phases.

89
A robot-mediated information guide system
This paper describes a robot-mediated information guide system that introduces audio-visual information to users interactively. The developed information guide system is composed of a touch panel interface, a mediator robot and backyard control systems. The touch panel interface functions to display audio-visual contents, while the mediator robot attracts people to this guide system and help user's operation. Many robots in literature are equipped with interactive audio-visual interface, however in most cases the audio-visual interface is a front end of the robot for presentation. We propose a new communication framework in which the robot behaves as a mediator to make a bridge between users and audio-visual interface by generating speeches and gestures. We hypothesize that entrainment of the mediator robot with users and contents could promote user's immersion in the contents. We conducted experiments with the proposed information guide system to examine the effect of robot mediation in a realistic interaction scenario that actually guides city sites for visitors. The developed information guide system was demonstrated in the science museum of the city in May 2014 and will be used for public events in future.

90
A second order sliding mode controller for the Flyback converter
This paper presents a second order sliding mode (SOSM) controller for a Flyback converter. The advantages of SOSM controller are relatively easy to implement, get fast dynamic response and robustness. Moreover, the SOSM controller reduces the chattering effect of traditional first-order sliding mode controller. The super-twisting sliding mode algorithm, does not require the derivative value of output error, was used in this paper. In addition, a fully digital Flyback converter is implemented on a microprocessor which performs the super-twisting algorithm to simplify the hardware circuits. Finally, simulation results validated the feasibility and performance of the proposed system.

91
A simultaneous descending auction for task allocation
The coalition formation problem for task allocation is a difficult and increasingly studied problem (e.g., [1-3]); however, less studied is the notion of task preemption in multi-robot systems. A previously proposed ascending auction based task allocation protocol, RACHNA, is one of the few algorithms that explicitly allows task preemption. This paper demonstrates that the manner in which RACHNA permits task preemption has an undesirable side effect in which RACHNA needlessly changes the coalition assigned to a given task, even when the original coalition can still complete the task. A simultaneous descending auction based approach to task allocation is introduced that allows task preemption and never exhibits the unnecessary task reassignments exhibited by RACHNA.

92
A strategy-based ecological(?) display for time- series structural change diagnosis
Ecological Interface Design (EID) is usually associated with applying Work Domain Analysis and developing customized control tools for specific, stable systems governed by causal work domain constraints. However, for domains with weaker, intentional, less specific constraints, EID based on analysis of cognitive strategies has been proposed, and demonstrated using metaphorical iconic forms. EID methods to find invariant strategies in intentional work domains are less developed. Such methods may be a way to generalize ecological interfaces beyond specific instances of complex systems. An example developed for an energy efficiency monitoring application is presented and discussed.

93
A study on the route selection problem for ship evacuation
Evacuation in a large-scale passenger ship is a complex process. During the ship design stage, in order to ensure that evacuees can evacuate to safe areas efficiently, it's very important to select an optimum evacuation route and give evacuation training to each evacuee. For this purpose, we proposed a method to select an optimum evacuation route. From the perspective of simulation, each evacuee will select route considering the length of the passage, actual congestion and individual complex behavior attributes. Finally, we tested the feasibility of the proposed method in MATLAB software environment.

94
A supervised correlation analysis for score-level calibration of cross-device fingerprint recognition
As the usage of fingerprint systems is rolled out on a large scale, scenarios have cross-device matching to allow information exchange and provide compatibility to the existing systems. A score-level calibration for device interoperability will require normalizing scores obtained from different devices so that they can be matched meaningfully and effectively. Conventional methods either assume a homogeneous distribution or model score distribution based on assumptions that may not be valid. In this paper, we circumvent the problem by leveraging correlations among the scores and propose a novel method for biometric score normalization. Our experiments show the promising results.

95
A support system for selection of reviewers
In this paper we deal with a reviewer assignment problem and as a solution we propose a decision support system which is able to recommend relevant reviewers to evaluate grant proposals as well as manuscripts. The system is composed of a user interface and three modules responsible for data transformation into information and knowledge. Firstly, a data acquisition module collects data concerning researchers. Next, an information retrieval module builds researchers' profiles using various machine learning methods for keyword extraction, information classification and disambiguation. Finally, a recommendation module generates a ranking of potential reviewers based on a cosine similarity measure between researchers' profiles and a problem that has to be reviewed. The system is meant to work autonomously, without any manual adjustment. It is available for free use on the Internet (http://sssr.opi.org.pl)1.

96
A tentative comparison on CDN and NDN
With the pretty prompt growth in Internet content, future Internet is emerging as the main usage shifting from traditional host-to-host model to content dissemination model, e.g. video makes up more than half of Internet traffic. ISPs, content providers and other third parties have widely deployed content delivery networks (CDNs) to support digital content distribution. Though CDN is an ad-hoc solution to the content dissemination problem, there are still big challenges, such as complicated control plane. By contrast, as a wholly new designed network architecture, named data networking (NDN) incorporates content delivery function in its network layer, its stateful routing and forwarding plane can effectively detect and adapt to the dynamic and ever-changing Internet. In this paper, we try to explore the similarities and differences between CDN and NDN. Hence, we evaluate the distribution efficiency, network security and protocol overhead between CDN and NDN. Especially in the implementation phase, we conduct their testbeds separately with the same topology to derive their performance of content delivery. Finally, summarizing our main results, we gather that: 1) NDN has its own advantage on lots of aspects, including security, scalability and quality of service (QoS); 2) NDN make full use of surrounding resources and is more adaptive to the dynamic and ever-changing Internet; 3) though CDN is a commercial and mature architecture, in some scenarios, NDN can perform better than CDN under the same topology and caching storage. In a word, NDN is practical to play an even greater role in the evolution of the Internet based on the massive distribution and retrieval in the future.

97
A touch interface for soft data modeling in Bayesian estimation
A novel approach for human-generated “soft information” modeling and Bayesian fusion using touch interface devices is presented. The human-generated soft information can be encoded using a combination of single, multiple, and overlapping strokes that represent arbitrary measurement likelihood functions which can be approximated using non-parametric density estimators. The proposed interface offers a flexible and natural medium to encode a large class of qualitatively distinct types of information for both positive and negative observations. The touch interface naturally provides robustness with respect to human variability in terms of psycho-physiological and environmental parameters without the need for offline training. An urban-target tracking example is provided to illustrate fusion of soft information (generated using the proposed soft sensor model) with measurements from traditional automated sensors.

98
A viable systems approach towards cyber situational awareness
There is a gap in the ability to gain sufficient Situational Awareness (SA) of the cyber domain at the strategic level, leading nations and organisations to rapidly develop this capability. Through various cyber strategies, nations are seeking to encourage multi-organisation collaboration and information infrastructures between government, military, critical national infrastructure and engaging with the public and private sectors to secure cyberspace and its dependencies. This paper discusses the benefits of a systems approach to the complex sociotechnical problem of collaboration towards a cyber defence capability, and how challenges can be managed through the perspective of a viable system. The Viable Systems Model (VSM) provides a perspective for understanding system behaviour and anticipating, planning, and implementing large scale organisational change. The output from focus group sessions with stakeholders across national infrastructure, are placed in context to the VSM to provide a framework to better understand the challenges from the cyber domain, points of intervention, and requirements for a viable collaborative cyber defence system. Without a holistic, efficient information infrastructure supporting a cyber SA capability, the ability for a whole system response to take a proactive posture to threats or put in place effective mitigation and resilience measures is severely reduced, leading to even greater vulnerability. Relevance to industry This paper presents the outputs from a number of focus groups with stakeholders drawn from national infrastructure and business sectors, that are place within the context of the VSM. The VSM is presented as a framework to identify requirements and intervention points for future research towards a collaborative information system architecture.

99
A web based Multi-Modal Interface for elderly users of the Robot-Era multi-robot services
In this paper we present the design and technical implementation of a web based Multi-Modal User Interface (MMUI) tailored for elderly users of the robotic services developed by the EU FP7 Large-Scale Integration Project Robot-Era. The project partners are working to significantly enhance the performance and acceptability of technological services for ageing well by delivering a fully realized system based on the cooperation of multiple heterogeneous robots and with the support of an Ambient Assisted Living environment. To this end, elderly users were involved in the definition of the services and in the design of the hardware and software of the robotic platforms from the first stages of the development process and in real experimentation in two test sites. In particular, here we detail the interface software system for multi-modal elderly-robot interaction. The MMUI is designed to run on any device including touch-screen mobiles and tablets that are preferred by the elderly. This is obtained by integrating web based solutions with the Robot-Era middlewares and planner. Finally we present some preliminary results of ongoing experiments to show the successful evaluation of usability by potential users and to discuss the future directions to improve the proposed MMUI software system.

100
A wireless wearable sEMG and NIRS acquisition system for an enhanced human-computer interface
Surface electromyography (sEMG) is extensively explored in human-computer interface (HCI); complementary to the electrophysiological activity of the muscles, the hemodynamic information that measured from near infrared spectroscopy (NIRS) is less investigated. Properly combining the sEMG and NIRS would provide a novel approach for HCI applications. This paper presents a multi-channel wireless wearable sEMG and NIRS acquisition system aiming for enhanced human-computer interaction, by providing more information about the muscle activity for subject's motor intention decoding. Extensive tests were carried out to evaluate the system performance. It showed that this novel system proved to be able to capture sEMG signals similar to those of the commercialized sEMG acquisition devices, and had a comparable NIRS sensor performance. Furthermore, simultaneously recording of sEMG and NIRS signals, the system had shown the ability to provide more information about the muscle activities for a better HCI performance. The classification accuracy of 13 hand gesture motions was significantly (P<;0.001) improved by using combined sEMG and NIRS features comparing to sEMG or NIRS features individually, suggesting that the proposed sEMG and NIRS system could be potentially available for an enhanced HCI.

101
A zero-pole whitening filter in adaptive blind decision feedback equalizers
This paper proposes the use of a novel recursive zero-pole whitening filter (ZPWF) instead of the all-pole whitening filter (APWF) and the all-zero whitening filter (AZWF) in the adaptive blind decision feedback equalizer (DFE) system. Both the APWF and the AZWF are special cases of the proposed ZPWF. The rationale for proposing the ZPWF may be explained as follows. Any arbitrary non-minimum phase channel may be approximated by the following three different types of channel: the moving-average (MA) channel, the autoregressive (AR) channel and the autoregressive-moving-average (ARMA) channel. The MA channel or the AR channel may be more effectively approximated by the ARMA channel with a much smaller total (numerator and denominator) number of coefficients. From the perspective of channel equalization, the APWF and the AZWF may merely suit a particular type of channel, while the proposed ZPWF may suit most channels in general.

102
A “Human-in-the-loop” approach for resolving complex software anomalies
Automated static analysis tools are widely used in identifying software anomalies, such as memory leak, unsafe thread synchronization and malicious behaviors in smartphone applications. Such anomaly-prone scenarios can be bifurcated into: “ordinary” (analysis requires relatively simple automation) and “complex” (analysis poses extraordinary automation challenges). While automated static analysis tools can resolve ordinary scenarios with high accuracy, automating the analysis of complex scenarios can be very challenging and, at times, infeasible. Even when feasible the cost for full automation can be exorbitant: either in implementing the automation or in sifting through the large number of erroneous results manually. Instead, we appeal for a “Human-in-the-loop” approach called “Amplified Reasoning Technique” (ART). While some of the existing approaches do involve human in the analysis process, the roles played by man and machine are mainly segregated. Whereas, ART puts man and machine in a “loop” in an interactive and visualization-based fashion. This paper makes an attempt to convince its readers to make their analysis of software anomalies ART-based by presenting real-world case studies of complex anomalies and how an ART based approach can be very effective in resolving them. The case studies highlight the desired characteristics of an ART based tool and the type of role it plays in amplifying human intelligence.

103
AMALGHMA -An environment for measuring execution time and energy consumption in embedded systems
Measurement is an important activity whenever design embedded systems, as it provides means for platform characterization and selection as well as system validation and specification. The sample frequency is a key aspect for obtaining accurate and precise measures. Obtaining highly accurate and precise measures may require measurement systems able to gauge the system under measurement at very high sample rates. The sample rate and the sensing device of a measurement system are features that decisively affect its prices. Variability and noise are intrinsic phenomena to be handled, thus the adoption of robust and fast statistic methods are indispensable for accuracy, precision and may favour the cost reduction of measurement systems. This paper adopts a low cost measurement system for gauging execution time and energy consumption of embedded software applications. This platform allows designers to obtain accurate and precise estimates of software piece of codes as well as it is an attractive means for supporting embedded software code tuning.

104
ASL: a DSL for remote contact center agents
Altitude Scripting Language (ASL) is a Domain Specific Language (DSL) aimed at and using a syntax familiar to the contact center world, which in its current implementation, allows for agent scripts to be run remotely and presented within any modern web browser. This paper discusses the ASL language and interpreter as well and its most recent changes, architecture and challenges, as agents become remote and contact centers move towards the cloud paradigm.

105
Accompanist recognition and tracking for intelligent wheelchairs
Recently, several robotic wheelchairs have been proposed that employ autonomous functions. In designing wheelchairs, it is important to reduce the accompanist load. To provide such a task, the mobile robot needs to recognize and track people. In this paper, we propose to utilize the multisensory data fusion to track a target accompanist. First, the simultaneous localization and map building is achieved by using the laser range finder (LRF) and inertial sensors with the extended Kalman filter recursively. To track the target person robustly, the accompanist, are tracked by fusing laser and vision data. The human objects are detected by LRF, and the identity of accompanist is recognized using a PTZ camera with a pre-defined signature using the speed-up robust features algorithm. The proposed system can adaptively search visual signature and track the accompanist by dynamically zooming the PTZ camera based on LRF detection results to enlarge the range of human following. The experimental results verified and demonstrated the performance of the proposed system.

106
Active suspension for the control of planar vehicle dynamics
A novel method of actuating an active suspension system for the control of planar vehicle dynamics is proposed. Active suspension forces are applied in such a way that their effect on the chassis heave-pitch-roll dynamics is negligible. Instead, their impact is restricted to the generation of longitudinal and lateral tire forces, resulting in controllability of planar vehicle dynamics. An optimal control strategy is proposed to benchmark the system performance, relying on unknowable tire information. The strategy's robustness to error in tire parameters is formulated analytically, and it is shown that estimates of these parameters are sufficient for stable operation. Based on this result, a sub-optimal control routine is developed using only estimable signals. The result is a realizable control strategy which utilizes active suspension components to stabilize planar vehicle dynamics without upsetting chassis dynamics.

107
Adapting haptic guidance authority based on user grip
Haptic guidance systems support the operator in task execution using additional forces on the input device. Scaling of the guidance forces determines the control authority of the support system. As task complexity may vary, one level of the guidance scaling may be insufficient, and adaptation of the control authority may be helpful. The available literature mostly proposed to adapt the authority based on external cues (e.g. actual performance or safety) and the user had no direct way to modulate the desired level of support. In this paper we investigated a variable authority guidance scheme based on the user grip force. During a user study (with 8 subjects) we explored two opposite approaches to trade the control authority (i.e. increasing or decreasing guidance force magnitude with increased user grip). To simulate increased task difficulty and imperfections of the haptic guidance system, at random times either an unpredictable force disturbance was added or subjects were presented with incorrect guidance. While the performance differences between the fixed- and the variable-authority schemes were not significant, the “decreasing guidance with increased user grip” scheme allowed to substantially reduce the user control effort (steering force), especially when the guidance system was incorrect. The presented method essentially provides additional control over the guidance system without reducing the performance.

108
Adaptive facial feature extraction
We present a method which is able to adapt from a generic facial representation to a person-specific model of a face. It is referred to as Adaptive Constrained Polynomial Trees (ACPT). Especially in vehicle driving scenarios, special assumptions can be made. A generic facial representation which is able to handle many different persons can be specialized to the current driver to cope with his/her individual face and his/her individual facial features. This leads to a more robust extraction of specified points in the face like nose tip or mouth corners. The proposed method is trained on the LFPW and tested on the FGnet “talking face” dataset. It can be shown, that the presented adaptive model is able to outperform the presented generic facial representation approach. These promising results can be used for further analysis of the driver.

109
Adaptive multi-model and entropy-based localization on context-aware robotic system
This paper presents an algorithm for robotic self-localization implemented on a context-aware robotic system. The self-localization algorithm is developed using the Particle Filtering (PF) method, with the enhancement from the technique of adaptive multi-model and entropy-based active sensing. The proposed solution is then utilized in the scenarios of robotic self-localization on a mobile robot platform. The feasibility and effectiveness of the adaptive multi-model and entropy based self-localization method is demonstrated in the experimental results.

110
Adaptive super twisting sliding mode control of a HVAC system
In this paper an adaptive super twisting sliding mode cascaded control strategy to control superheat temperature of an evaporator of Heating Ventilation Air Conditioning Systems(HVAC) is presented. Two internal loop and external loop of the cascaded controller are designed using sliding mode by utilizing feedback linearization method. By controlling superheat temperature, Tsh, in the external loop, and evaporating temperature of refrigerant, Te, in the internal loop, a better performance with robustness against parameter uncertainty is achieved. The value of superheat temperature is determined by using the estimated value of length of two phase flow of the refrigerant inside the evaporator. The performance of the proposed control strategy against disturbance and parameter uncertainties is illustrated through simulation in MATLAB/Simulink environment. It is shown that in comparison with super-twisting method, the proposed adaptive super twisting method improves the performance of system by reduction of undesirable chattering in the response of system.

111
Admittance-adaptive model-based cancellation of biodynamic feedthrough
Biodynamic feedthrough (BDFT) is the feedthrough of vehicle accelerations through the human body, leading to involuntary control device inputs. BDFT is a relevant problem as it reduces control performance in a large range of vehicles under various circumstances. This paper proposes an approach to mitigate BDFT. What differentiates this method from other mitigation approaches is that it accounts for adaptations in the neuromuscular dynamics of the human body. It is known that BDFT is strongly dependent on these dynamics. The approach was tested, as proof-of-concept, in an experiment in a motion simulator where participants were asked to fly a simulated vehicle through a virtual tunnel. By evaluating the performance with and without motion disturbance active and with and without cancellation active, the performance of the cancellation approach was evaluated. Results showed that the cancellation approach was successful. The detrimental effects of BDFT, such as a decrease in control performance and increase in control effort, were largely removed.

112
Affine invariant features-based tone mapping algorithm for high dynamic range images
Conventional digital display devices, due to their hardware limitations, can't represent the whole range of luminance in High Dynamic Range (HDR) images. In order to solve this incompatible problem, many tone mapping techniques were introduced to reproduce HDR images. Unlike the traditional methods applied in standard scale space, this paper proposes a novel affine invariant features-based tone mapping algorithm in affine Gaussian scale space. The reason of using this scale space is due to the fact that it is able to extract anisotropic feature regions in addition to traditional isotropic feature regions. Firstly, the proposed method extracts the anisotropic features from HDR images and reforms them to be isotropic by Fitting & Affine transformation. Then, dodging-and-burning processing is utilized to obtain base layer of HDR images. Finally, two-scale edge-preserving decomposition is employed to generate detail layer of HDR images and combine two layers to produce output images. Experimental results show that the proposed algorithm outperforms previous methods for reproducing the real scene of HDR images, especially for large perspective and scale transformed images which contain considerable anisotropic feature regions.

113
Agent-based simulation for simultaneous ultimatum games
The aim of this research is behavioral analysis of the human subjects in laboratory experiments of simultaneous ultimatum game through agent-based simulation. Andreoni and Blanchard (2006) conducted a laboratory experiments using human subjects, and they observed that deviant behavior of the subjects from Nash equilibrium. Similarly, in several laboratory experiments of ultimatum games in a form of sequential game, deviant behavior of the human subjects from subgame perfect equilibrium are observed. The related literature have suggested a mathematical model incorporating fairness of payoffs (Duffy and Hopkins; 1999), and adaptive models based on reinforcement learning (Duffy and Feltovich; 1999). This study constructs simulation model using adaptive agents which makes decision by trial and error approach based on neural networks and genetic algorithms. The experimental result indicates that the behavior of subjects can explained by decision mechanism by trial and error approach, interaction between human subjects, and risk attitude.

114
Allocation-based control for four-wheel independently driven and braked electric vehicle considering actuators' dynamic characteristics
This paper proposes an allocation-based control method for four-wheel independently driven and braked electric vehicle by taking into consideration of actuators dynamic characteristics. The dynamic characteristics of both driving and braking actuators are modeled as physical constraints in order to form a constrained optimization problem. A slacking method is introduced and analyzed in determining the body force distribution through the optimization-based control allocation. The simulation is conducted and the results show that the proposed method works as expected and is valid and effective.

115
Alternative interaction design patterns for automated GUI generation from Discourse-based Communication Models
Interaction design is supposed to investigate alternatives, but these alternative designs should not have to be reinvented from scratch. This entails the need for reusability of interaction design knowledge, especially of different (parts of) solutions for similar problems. In particular, the definition of specific interaction design models is a prerequisite for automated generation of graphical user interfaces (GUIs). A useful approach to capture knowledge about (generalized) solutions for common problems in a given context are patterns. So, we propose here interaction design patterns. More precisely, this paper presents alternative interaction design patterns for automated GUI generation with Discourse-based Communication Models. The solutions specified in these patterns are dialogue fragments often occurring in Discourse Models. Our approach allows the interaction designer to investigate alternatives in the design space without having to reinvent them.

116
An EMG-based force prediction and control approach for robot-assisted lower limb rehabilitation
This paper proposes an electromyography (EMG)-based method for online force prediction and control of a lower limb rehabilitation robot. Root mean square (RMS) features of EMG signals from four muscles of the lower limb are used as the inputs to a support vector regression (SVR) model to estimate the human-robot interaction force. The autoregressive algorithm is utilized to construct the relationship between EMG signals and the impact force. Combining the force prediction model with the position-based impedance controller, the robot can be controlled to track the desired force of the lower limb, and so as to achieve an adaptive and active rehabilitation mode, which is adaptable to the individual muscle strength and movement ability. Finally, the method was validated through experiments on a healthy subject. The results show that the EMG-based SVR model can predict the lower limb force accurately and the robot can be controlled to track the estimated force by using simplified impedance model.

117
An HMM approach to identify components that influence phenotypes
Mathematical models of biological systems have traditionally described processes that occur at the gene, enzyme, and metabolic pathway levels. We are often unable to relate these low-level models to higher-level biological phenomena. For example, models that describe the photosynthetic pathway do not explicitly relate the components to changes in photosynthetic rate. Thus, there is a need for developing methods that can link low levels of biological organization and higher-level phenotypes. We present an approach to solve this bottleneck that combines 1) a decomposition algorithm, 2) machine learning tools and 3) sensitivity analysis. With this approach, we quantified the influence of key components and functional modules on specific phenotypes, such as the photosynthetic pathway in C3 plants. Our algorithm was able to predict the relationship between specific components and the photosynthetic rate, where these results were consistent with previous experimental data. With these results we demonstrate that computational methods can be used to identify key modules and/or components that influence a measurable output of a biological system.

118
An adaptive anomaly-based intrusion prevention system for databases
Conventional database security can employ a wide range of access controls including database roles, fine-grained object access and virtual private databases. Access controls are used to protect against malicious attacks and to ensure that established database privileges are not misused. Intrusion detection systems can augment these controls by alerting the intrusion response team after an attack has occurred. While intrusion detection can assist forensic analysis, a passive response to detection can permit the inflicted damage to go undetected for a long period of time, allowing the damage to potentially propagate. In contrast, we propose an adaptive anomaly-based intrusion prevention system to secure the database from attacks. The approach requires the database to learn the activities considered normal using training data taken from production. The model adapts to stringent variations of the training data while in operation, reducing the potential for normal activities to be misclassified as malicious.

119
An analytic approach to decipher usable gestures for quadriplegic users
With the advent of new gaming technologies, hand gestures are gaining popularity as an effective communication channel for human computer interaction (HCI). This is particularly relevant for patients recovering from mobility-related injuries or debilitating conditions who use gesture-based gaming for rehabilitation therapy. Unfortunately, most gesture-based gaming systems are designed for able-bodied users and are difficult and costly to adapt to people with upper extremity mobility impairments. While interface customization is an active area of work in assistive technologies (AT), there is no existing formal and analytical grounded methodology to adapt gesture-based control systems for quadriplegics. The goal of this work is to solve this hurdle by developing a mathematical framework to project the patterns of gestural behavior designed for existing gesture systems to those exhibited by quadriplegic subjects due to spinal cord injury (SCI). A key component of our framework relied on Laban movement analysis (LMA) theory, and consisted of four steps: acquiring and preprocessing gesture trajectories, extracting feature vectors, training transform functions, and generating constrained gestures. The feasibility of this framework was validated through user-based experimental paradigms and subject validation. It was found that 100% of gestures selected by subjects with high-level SCIs came from the constrained gesture set. Even for the low-level quadriplegic subject, the alternative gestures were preferred.

120
An approach and implementation for coupling neurocognitive and neuromechanical models
The neuromechanics of human motion are generally represented in the literature by feedforward control mechanisms: the brain sends a control signal to a part of the body to move, and motion ensues. Thus neuromechanical commands for motion are influenced by control signals from neurocognitive inputs. However, feedback also exists from the neuromechanical system to the neurocognitive one, so that subsequent decisions related to motor commands are influenced by the motion itself. Recent work suggests that accounting for bidirectional feedback, both from neurocognitive to neuromechanical systems and from neuromechanical to neurocognitive ones, allows for more robust accounts of behavior. In this paper, we describe a neurocognitive model, a neuromechanical model, and a simple bidirectional feedback mechanism to couple the two systems. We then show that the behavior of the combined system is determined by the interaction of coupling strength and properties of the mechanical and cognitive models.

121
An approach to enhanced Kansei engineering
This paper presents evaluation methods by comparing of multi-faceted design approaches focused on Kansei definitions. The authors suggest subjective innate filter concept to explain the Kansei subjectivity. And the understanding on the subjectivity makes this Kansei definition different from the other definitions. Design researches have been evolved from object-entered to human-centered, and Kansei engineering is based on the human-centered understandings. The worthy of the current paper is that (1) the Kansei definition explains individual diverse decisions in the same situation; and (2) the definition clarifies the reason why individual experiences make decision differences.

122
An augmented reality approach to surgical telementoring
Optimal surgery and trauma treatment integrates different surgical skills frequently unavailable in rural/field hospitals. Telementoring can provide the missing expertise, but current systems require the trainee to focus on a nearby telestrator, fail to illustrate coming surgical steps, and give the mentor an incomplete picture of the ongoing surgery. A new telementoring system is presented that utilizes augmented reality to enhance the sense of co-presence. The system allows a mentor to add annotations to be displayed for a mentee during surgery. The annotations are displayed on a tablet held between the mentee and the surgical site as a heads-up display. As it moves, the system uses computer vision algorithms to track and align the annotations with the surgical region. Tracking is achieved through feature matching. To assess its performance, comparisons are made between SURF and SIFT detector, brute force and FLANN matchers, and hessian blob thresholds. The results show that the combination of a FLANN matcher and a SURF detector with a 1500 hessian threshold can optimize this system across scenarios of tablet movement and occlusion.

123
An automatic setting for training restricted boltzmann machine
Recently, deep learning techniques create much of a stir in machine learning. Its prominent performances can found in large number of applications in pattern recognition, such as image recognition, speech recognition and video processing. Most of the existing deep architectures are based on or related to restricted Boltzmann machine(RBM). However, the model selection problem in RBM and its deep architecture is very intractable since both their learning and inference are highly time-consuming. In this paper, we introduce an automatic setting for training a RBM, including structure design, log-likelihood approximation and batch learning design. We give a practical setting guide for training a RBM, which is deduced from the experiments on Bar-and-Stripe benchmark inpainting.

124
An economic growth model for disaster risk reduction in developing countries
This paper presents a dynamic stochastic macroeconomic model to investigate the long-term effect of the investment in disaster risk reduction on economic growth of developing countries. The model describes the possibility of a disaster-induced poverty trap, particularly caused by disasters that hinder investment in human capital such as education. This study pays attention to the possibility that disaster risk reduction (DRR) investment has the potential for enhancing economic growth and improving equality within a society. The study further demonstrates the numerical simulation developed for analyzing the economy of Pakistan to investigate that DRR investment motivates households to increase investment in human capital and enhances economic growth.

125
An efficient and scalable learning algorithm for Near-Earth objects detection in astronomy big image data
In this paper, we investigate the efficiency and scalability of Gaussian mixture model based learning algorithm for the detection of Near-Earth objects in large scale astronomy image data. We propose an effective scheme to reduce the computational complexity of current learning algorithm, this is achieved by adopting the perceptual image hashing method. Our proposed scheme is validated on raw astronomy image data. The experiment results illustrate that both efficiency and scalability are improved significantly in astronomical scenario and other scenario.

126
An efficient method of correcting position mismatch between a haptic device and a robot-assisted tool
In robot-assisted surgery, a critical factor is to handle pose (position and orientation) mismatch between a stylus-style hand controller and a surgical tool (robot-assisted tool) attached to the end-effector of a robot. The mismatch has similar characteristics as robot calibration in industrial settings. Nevertheless, any methods for correcting the mismatch need to meet certain computation and accuracy requirements, which are derived from the constraints of a robot-assisted surgical system. On a virtual reality simulator, we use a haptic device (PHANToM Premium 1.5/6DOF) as the hand controller to actuate a robot-assisted surgical tool via neuroArm - a robotic system in microscopic neurosurgery. Within the workspace of the tool, we have defined the computation and accuracy requirements of correction as 1.0 ms and 30.0 μm, respectively. Towards the correction of the pose mismatch, this current work first assesses the suitability of the Newton-Raphson (NR) method for addressing the position mismatch between the haptic interface point (HIP) of the haptic device and the tooltip of the surgical tool. For fast computation, we have modified the NR method to take advantage of its quadratic rate of convergence. This modification adds a feedback loop for selecting appropriate initial values. As well, we have verified the non-singularities of the workspace where the position mismatch needs to be corrected. Assessed in the workspace of 90 targets, the modified NR method achieves an accuracy between the HIP and the tooltip at about 1.0 μm in less than 64 μs - meeting both requirements of correction. Thus, this work confirms the suitability of the modified NR method to efficiently correct the position mismatch between the HIP and the tooltip on neuroArm.

127
An emotional word focused counseling agent and its evaluation
A lot of IT workers suffer from stress in doing their work and there are a few counselors to help them. To cope with this problem, an emotional word focused context respectful counseling agent is proposed. This counseling agent extracts emotional words from clients' utterances throughout their dialogue to detect their changes and provides clients with such changes as dialogue summary. If no change is detected, it replies with clients' utterances' paraphrases followed by context-respectful prompts to dig/ narrow problems. This way, the counseling agent can pretend to keep recognizing clients' psychological sufferings as contexts or situations. It behaves as if it empathized with clients and continues talking to clients without losing their trust. Keeping reflection on themselves, clients reach more problem clarification and self-awareness, which enables them to solve their problems. Since the agent provides only the information on clients' sayings and the summaries focused on the change in their emotions, there occur few problems of knowledge explosion and knowledge maintenance. Python was used for implementing this agent. The effect on the counseling was experimentally evaluated.

128
An enhanced user interface design with Auto-Adjusting Icon Placement on foldable devices
Flexible electronics appear in the consumer, medical, and military sectors. Thanks to the development of flexible electronics, flexible touchscreens have been widely carried on in various devices, such as mobile phones, wearable devices and hand-held tablets. Flexible touchscreens not only bring the technique of displays to next generation, but also significantly alter the interactive behaviors of users and devices. On the flexible touchscreens, when the displays are folded, some touch area around the folded line is not touchable in users' operation, and this is a critical research problem for the flexible touch screens. However, to our knowledge, little or no user interface research has solved this problem. To resolve this critical problem, in this study, we design a novel user interface, called the Auto-Adjusting Placement, which can dynamically adjust objects, such as icons, texts and pictures, on the flexible touch screens to avoid the area around the folded line and to keep the high availability/readability of the objects. Our demonstrations show that the Auto-Adjusting Placement is well performed on flexible touchscreens and therefore users have a consistent interface to use. We also filed a patent for this Auto-Adjusting Placement.

129
An enhancement in directed diffusion and AOMDV routing protocols using hybrid intelligent systems
The Wireless Sensor Networks (WSNs) are composed of small sensor nodes capable of sensing (collecting), processing and transmitting data related to some phenomenon in the environment. Despite the numerous possibilities of use, the WSN has serious constraints, mainly related to the energy consumption during data transmission. These constraints require the implementation of enhancements in routing protocols that enable the sensor nodes to communicate efficiently and effectively with minimum power consumption. In our proposal, a fuzzy system is used to estimate the route quality based on the number of hops and the energy level of the nodes that compose a route. The estimated route quality is used by the routing protocol for selecting a specified path to send a message. An Ant Colony Optimization (ACO) algorithm is used to adjust, in an automatic way, the rule base of the fuzzy system in order to enhance the estimation of the route quality, hence increasing the energy efficiency of the network. The simulations, using the Directed Diffusion (DD) and Ad-Hoc On-Demand Multipath Distance Vector (AOMDV) multipath routing protocols, showed that the proposal is effective from the point of view of important metrics related to WSNs such as: number of messages delivered to the sink node, average cost of message, packet loss rate, and time of death of the first sensor node.

130
An evaluation of bimodality on quantitative measurement system for lachman test using force sensor
The anterior cruciate ligament (ACL) is one of the most important ligaments in the knee. The ACL injury often occurs while doing sports. Lachman test is one of the manual tests for examining the ACL. Examiners discriminates an injured degree of the ACL by feeling their finger stress. Measurement devices for Lachman test have been reported, however, these devices aim to analyze not the stress but a motion of the knee joint. Therefore, we focused on a development of a measurement system for the finger stress during Lachman test. The developed system could record the finger stress with force sensor. This study aims to propose an evaluation method of the stress data for bimodality which can be a criterion of injured degree. In a basic experiment, we examined a string which can be considered as normal knee. The result indicated obviously bimodality in the stress data. This study applied this system to three subjects with healthy knees. In the result, bimodality was observed in one or more finger(s) for each trial. Average of discrimination rate of bimodality for each wave was 90%. Therefore, the criterion of the bimodality can contribute to diagnose the injured knee. Future work is to apply the developed system to injured knees.

131
An examination of eyetracking artifacts related to website design for individuals with cognitive disability
This paper examines different eyetracking artifacts that were generated by cognitively disabled individuals as they were exposed to a series of websites which had similar content but different design factors. It is an extension of previous work, undertaken to determine if eyetracking data might further explain web usability findings relating to these individuals. The websites were presented to users who were suffering from different types of cognitive disabilities on which they performed a series of search tasks. The websites were scored by a heuristic defining the impact of the design factors on each website to create a difficulty spectrum that allowed the websites to be split in two groups, difficult and easy. Eyetracking artifacts from the users were compared against the difficult and easy website groups to see if there was any difference in user eye behavior. Differences in user activity related to saccades and information search were found to be significant.

132
An example of a seven joint manipulator optimized for kinematic fault tolerance
It is common practice to design a robot's kinematics from the desired properties that are locally specified by a manipulator Jacobian. For the case of local optimality with respect to fault tolerance, one common definition is that the post-failure Jacobian possesses the largest possible minimum singular value over all possible locked-joint failures. This work considers the global analysis of seven-joint manipulators that have been designed to be locally optimal in terms of fault tolerance when used for six-dimensional tasks. An algorithm for calculating a six-dimensional volume that is composed of a three-dimensional positioning component and a three-dimensional orientation component is presented. Two example manipulators are then analyzed and compared, illustrating a wide degree of variability between their global fault tolerant properties. It is further shown that there are 7! = 5040 different such manipulator designs due to the number of permutations of the Jacobian matrix.

133
An experimental study on weighted voting in consultation algorithm
The consultation algorithm for computer shogi determines each move by voting of multiple computer shogi players. In this research, we discuss some methods that optimize weights of player vote during a shogi game. To change the weight of player's vote, we use two kinds of criterion. One is the adoption times of each player vote and the other is evaluation value of the board position. Experimental results suggest the validity of our proposed method.

134
An improved ideagraph algorithm for discovering important rare events
In recent years, Chance Discovery as an extension of data mining has been presented to discover rare but significant events, i.e., chances, for human decision making from large amounts of data. KeyGraph or IdeaGraph as a chance mining algorithm can capture these chances by converting the unstructured data into a scenario graph. However, they both fail to eliminate the interference of frequent events when uncovering rare events, causing a bottleneck of capturing important rare events. In this paper, we propose an improved algorithm of IdeaGraph to address this issue. It takes rare events as the essential components to preserve them from being filtered when forming a cluster. On base of that, it conducts cluster refining such as pruning and ranking to optimize the construction of a scenario graph. Additionally, it provides an enhanced method to evaluate important rare events by measuring the significance of an event on the perspectives of the co-occurring frequency and the probability distribution. An experiment demonstrates the superiority of our algorithm on capturing important rare events by comparing with benchmark algorithms.

135
An in-vehicle tracking method using vehicular ad-hoc networks with a vision-based system
Vehicle tracking is an important issue in intelligent vehicle automation systems since it can be used to increase safety, convenience and efficiency in driving. Many of the methods for vehicle tracking use a vision-based system to recognize the neighboring vehicles and provide a real time map of nearby vehicles. In other methods, wireless communication between vehicles has been used to locate the vehicles within range and provide tracking information for driving assistance applications. In this paper we present a combination of both a vision-based system and a wireless based system to provide more accurate real-time information about neighboring vehicles. We assume that some of the vehicles are equipped with GPS receivers, a Dedicated Short Range Communication (DSRC) transceiver and one or more cameras mounted on the vehicle. This tracking method has been implemented and evaluated in urban, highway and intersection scenarios under different adoption rates. The results show that a combined approach can be more effective.

136
An intelligent motor rotary fault diagnosis system using Taguchi method
This paper applies the Taguchi method to filter out the number of input neurons and increases the training efficiency of the dynamic structural neural networks. In order to avoid that omitting the harmonics may affect the fault diagnosis result, this work establishes an index for the fault identification which is based on the features of the first and second harmonics. Together with the identification results of dynamic structural neural network, the diagnosis can be done. The experimental results indicate the proposed method can reduce the iterations dramatically.

137
An iterative optimization technique for robust channel selection in motor imagery based Brain Computer Interface
Brain-Computer Interface (BCI) provides a direct communication pathway between brain and computer/machine bypassing the conventional pathway of nerves and muscles. Electroencephalography (EEG) is the most commonly used brain signal acquisition technique in BCI systems. The use of motor imagery (MI) patterns in EEG-based BCI has been proven as an effective method to translate the user's movement intention to commands for controlling external devices. To obtain high classification accuracy of MI, conventional EEG based BCI employ a large number of scalp electrodes. However, this is inconvenient in the clinical scenarios where preparation time is of paramount importance. This paper proposes a channel selection method which utilizes a priori information of the MI task and iteratively optimizes the number of relevant channels, thereby improving the classification accuracy. The proposed method is employed in BCI Competition III dataset IVa and BCI Competition IV, dataset 2a to classify hand and foot MI tasks. The proposed method results in better accuracy than state-of-the-art methods with a significant reduction in the number of channels.

138
An optimal general purpose scheduler for Networked Control Systems
The network-induced time delay is one of the major challenges that appear when the design or the analysis of any Networked Control System (NCS) is needed. The delay can be tackled in the network level by performing control of network actions. Since the process of prioritizing the network access is the main contributor of the network-induced time delay, then the efficient way to control the time delay is to improve the scheduling criterion. This paper proposes an optimal scheduling criterion that improves the quality of service for each node in the network and at the same time maintains the stability of the control system. The proposed optimal scheduling protocol is a hybrid scheduling criterion that combines the advantages of the dynamic and the static scheduling protocols. First, the algorithm of the optimal scheduling is discussed. Second, the optimal control-scheduling problem is formulated. The mixed logical-dynamical optimization problem is then solved. Finally, numerical examples and simulation results are introduced and discussed.

139
An unfixed-position smartphone-based fall detection scheme
This paper presents a smartphone-based fall detection scheme that allows smarphones to be placed in various positions. The scheme makes no assumption of the placement of the smartphones because it is inconvenient and impractical to ask users to place their smartphones in some designated positions; therefore it does not require the users place their phones in certain fixed positions. It utilizes the built-in three-axis accelerometer in the smartphone and constantly calculates the changes of the three axes and the angels to detect fall events. Unlike other schemes that require the smartphone be placed in certain fixed positions, the proposed scheme can detect fall events when the smartphone is placed in various positions, including pockets and bags, with little misjudgment. The experiment shows the proposed scheme can achieve 91.5% in sensitivity and 97.5% in specificity.

140
Analysis and modeling of hand-ball contact force during tossing motion
In this study, we observed and analyzed the skillful human motion involved in tossing a ball through a target hole using only wrist and finger motions. In our experiments, two subjects could accomplish this difficult task with skillful finger motion using their wrist, MP, PIP, and DIP joints. Experimental results showed that the ball trajectories from the fingertip of the subjects to the target hole were very similar between the two subjects. Furthermore we analyzed how the subjects controlled the ball motion on their palms so as to match the ball motion with the desired condition to guide the ball to the target hole. In particular, we considered the contact situation between the palm and the ball. However, the contact situation could not be measured or visualized easily, so we constructed a model of the ball motion on the palm, including the effect of the contact forces. After several simulations, we could correctly generate the ball motion and estimate the effect of the contact forces.

141
Analysis of articulatory timing based on a superposition model for VCV sequences
In this study, appropriate superposition timing regarding articulatory gestures between vowels and consonants for vowel-consonant-vowel (VCV) sequences, where C is /b/, /d/, or /g/, was investigated using a superposition model. In this concept, an articulatory gesture for a VCV sequence is considered as a combination of a vowel-to-vowel transition and a consonant gesture, and each gesture pattern as a function of time is modeled with a step response of cascaded first-order systems. From a subjective evaluation test and speech recognition using Julius, the appropriate superposition timing was estimated for the test words. The results suggest that the consonant closing gesture precedes the vowel closing gesture in terms of peak velocity, and, in contrast, the vowel opening gesture precedes the consonant opening gesture in the VCV sequences, especially for /VbV/ and /VdV/.

142
Analysis of fault diagnosability from SCADA alarms signatures using relevance indices
When a fault occurs on a complex process, it generally sets off many alarms from the SCADA system. The list of alarms raised by the control system from the occurrence of the fault until the flow of alarms is stabilized forms the fault signature and is the raw material used by operators to make their diagnosis. Some alarms may be raised on the occurrence on several faults while others may be specific to a given fault and thus be very useful to make the diagnostic. In order to assist the operator in his diagnostic process and help him better understand the alarm generation process, a method to evaluate the ability to discriminate a fault from a set of other faults from its alarms signature is proposed. The method is data driven and makes use of a set of alarm lists recorded during the occurrence of several faults. An index of relevance is calculated for each alarm and for each fault. An alarm is relevant to a fault compared to a set of other faults if it is very often (or never) raised when the fault occurs while it is seldom (or often) raised when the other faults occur. The index of relevance can be calculated in different contexts by changing the set of other faults the fault is compared to. Strategies to evaluate fault diagnosability using this index are proposed in this paper. They are validated on a set of alarm lists recorded during different fault situations and obtained by means of a very accurate simulator of a CERN LHC system.

143
Analysis of problem structuring methods to improve decisions in environmental planning
This paper discusses the importance of information and knowledge of the stakeholders' expectations in the environmental planning process to improve the making of decisions. When decisions do not include all required information and/or do not properly analyze the interrelationship between them, the consequences can be disastrous. This paper presents how the Problem Structuring Method (PSM) can help in a better understanding of the problem by considering the exploration of views of the members involved, highlighting some methods, and discussing how their use can contribute to satisfactory decisions in environmental planning.

144
Analysis on effects of facilitation on participants' wording in participatory planning process
Management of planning process is necessary to adopt participants' opinions to alternatives in participatory planning process in a community. In the management, reconstruction of the discussion is important for planners and participants to share their understanding and to make better alternatives. In this study, we evaluated the effects of reconstructing the discussion by focusing on the change of participants' wordings during the discussion. This study proposed two types of methodologies: “Overlapping rate” and “Classification of noun words”. The former identified the characteristics of the participants. The latter showed the change of participants' wordings after the reconstruction.

145
Analysis-by-synthesis frame dropping algorithm together with a novel speech recognizer using time-varying hidden Markov model
In distributed speech recognition applications, variable frame rate (VFR) analysis is a technique that can reduce the channel bandwidth and computation resources. In this method, slowly changing frames that provide little information are abandoned. Rapidly changing frames, on the other hand, that are more related to speech perception are preserved. In this paper, we proposed an analysis-by-synthesis (AbS) frame dropping algorithm together with a novel VFR decoding method for hidden Markov modeling of speech. A recursive formula for the calculation of forward probability function of the VFR observations was derived and was used to form a time-varying hidden Markov model (tvHMM) with transition probabilities that are depended on the time difference between successive observations. A generalized Viterbi decoding algorithm was developed to decode the VFR observations. We also use an example to explain the decoding process for a particular VFR observation sequence. Experiments were conducted to investigate the effectiveness of the proposed AbS-tvHMM method. The experimental results show that our method can achieve essentially the same accuracy as full frame rate observations at frame rate of only 40 % and significantly reduces the computation time.

146
Analytical inverse kinematics of a class of redundant manipulator based on dual arm-angle parameterization
The arm-angle was often used to parameterize the self-motion of S-R-S (Spherical-Revolute-Spherical) redundant manipulators when solving the inverse kinematics. However, there were some shortcomings for previous works: existing algorithm singularity or not suitable for configuration control. In this paper, we proposed an analytical resolution method based on dual arm-angle parameterization. Using two orthogonal vectors to define two absolute reference planes, we got two arm-angles which satisfy a specific condition. Since there is always at least one arm angle to represent the redundancy, the algorithm singularity problem does not exist. The “dual arm-angle” method keeps the advantages of “arm-angle”, and overcomes the shortcomings of the traditional methods. Another contribution of this paper is that we derived the absolute reference elbow attitude matrix 0R3ψ=0, which is the key for the analytical inverse kinematics resolution but was not addressed in the previous paper. Simulation results for a general case and an algorithm singularity case verified the presented method.

147
Anisotropic fractal snakes
The segmentation and tracking of visual patterns, particularly those patterns related to natural imagery, have sparked renewed interest in the computer vision and image processing communities. Applications in robotics, automated systems, geographical information systems, etc. require efficient and accurate methods for processing visual data. Prior work in textural analysis has led to systems with promising accuracy, but poor efficiency. Work on fractal snakes provided both accuracy and efficiency, but at the loss of orientation with respect to the texture. In many applications, resolving orientation is an important piece of information. We have built upon our work in fractal snakes to expand our snake models from a purely isotropic measure of surface roughness to an orientation sensitive model: the Anisotropic Fractal Snake.

148
Anomaly detection from multivariate time-series with sparse representation
Anomaly detection from sensor data is an important data mining application for efficient and secure operation of complicated systems. In this study, we propose a novel anomaly detection method for multivariate time-series to capture relationships of variables and time-domain correlations simultaneously, without assuming any generative models of signals. The supposed framework in this study is a semi-supervised anomaly detection where we seek unusual parts of test data compared with reference data. The proposed method is based on feature extraction with sparse representation and relationship learning with dimensionality reduction. Our idea comes from the similarity between a sparse feature matrix extracted from multivariate time-series and a term-document matrix. We conducted experiments with synthetic and simulated data, and confirmed that the proposed method successfully detected anomalies in multivariate time-series signals. Especially, it demonstrated superior performance with anomalies in which only relationships of time-series patterns are changed from reference data (multivariate anomalies).

149
Application of a clustering technique in identifying the “best” System of Systems (SoS) during development
This paper presents a new approach for decision making during development of a complex System of Systems (SoS) where evaluating a large number of alternatives is impractical due to resource/time limitations. We utilize a clustering technique that may greatly simplify the process of selecting the “best” SoS configuration considering multiple attributes such as capability cost, development time and systems priority. A new measure of priority is introduced in this work. The effectiveness of this method is demonstrated through a realistic case of a search-and-rescue operation, where the number of possible SoS candidates is larger than 1000. This approach provides beneficial support for decision makers during the pre-planning phase of SoS development.

150
Appreciating Harmony-differences between the hearing-impaired, musically inexperienced, and musically experienced
In this paper, we describe an experiment on the cognition of harmony done by three groups: people who have hearing-impairments, people who have little experience of playing music, and people who have a lot experience of playing music. By modifying the accompaniment key, we prepared five types of harmony for a single melody, provided them to the subjects, and asked for their preferred harmony. Their preferences for the accompaniments differed. People with music experience strongly preferred the original accompaniment, while hearing-impaired people cared little about whatever the harmony was. Two hearing groups' preferences did not differ much for the original and other accompaniments, but people with little musical experience had the preferences they lay between those of the other two subject groups. Though many hearing-impaired people are fond of music, this experiment on the cognition of harmony did not find that they appreciate musical harmony. The results of the different preferences of people with a little and a lot of musical experience suggest their preferences may differ between in other aspects of music.

151
Assessing performance of genetic and firefly algorithms for optimal design of heat exchangers
This paper aims to comprehensively investigate performance of evolutionary algorithms for design optimization of shell and tube heat exchangers (STHX). Genetic algorithm (GA) and firefly algorithm (FA) are implemented for finding the optimal values for seven key design variables of the STHX model. ε-NTU method and Bell-Delaware procedure are used for thermal modelling of STHX and calculation of shell side heat transfer coefficient and pressure drop. The purpose of STHX optimization is to maximize its thermal efficiency. Obtained results for several simulation optimizations indicate that GA is unable to find permissible and optimal solutions in the majority of cases. In contrast, design variables found by FA always lead to maximum STHX efficiency. As per optimization results, maximum efficiency (83.8%) can be achieved using several design configurations. However, these designs are bearing different dollar costs. Also it is found that the behaviour of the majority of decision variables remain consistent in different runs of the FA optimization process.

152
Assessing project portfolio risk based on Bayesian network
The risk of a project portfolio is assessed using a new methodology that identifies the risk transfer in projects by using a Bayesian network structure learning algorithm to construct an interdependent network of risks. In particular, to overcome the drawback of a greedy search algorithm having a random starting structure, the mutual information between project risks is measured before executing the algorithm by computing the impact of technical interactions on project risks. It is demonstrated that the preprocessing can exclude the error and indistinctive connections, so as to reduce the search space effectively. Finally, the project portfolio risk of a practical case is assessed using this method, and the results show that the interdependent network of risks is an effective tool to reveal the risk transfer in projects and infer the value of project portfolio risk.

153
Assessing the impact of water demand management in water allocation
A fair water allocation model is utilized to assess the impact on stakeholders of a water demand management plan. Moreover, an asymmetric Nash bargaining model is employed to analyze sharing of the additional net benefits gained among stakeholders. The results indicate that the performance of a water system with water demand management strategies is better in terms of lower water shortage ratios and greater economic benefits. Moreover, the environmental requirements could be better met when water demand management is implemented. The additional benefits gained can be shared by stakeholders through a bargaining process. The results of the asymmetric Nash bargaining analysis are presented.

154
Associative approach for edge detection
An algorithm for edge detection applying the Associative approach is presented in this paper. An autoassociative memory is built from the original image. Nine eigenvectors are obtained from that matrix, then an eigenvector is selected and used it as a mask together with its transpose, both masks are convolved with the original image and added; the result is the detection of the edges. We compare our proposal with the most common edge detection algorithms as Canny, Prewitt, Sobel and Roberts. The comparison shows that we obtain similar results as Roberts algorithm, and when the image is has high frequencies, Alpha-Beta edge detector results are very similar than the other four algorithms.

155
Asynchronous auxiliary signal design for failure detection
Fault detection and identification (FDI) are important tasks in most modern industrial systems and processes. A variety of approaches both active and passive have been investigated. A test signal or input is used in an active approach. Usually in the active approach the same time window is used for the running of the test and the application of the test signal. However, that is not always the most desirable or practical thing to do. The effect of different signal and observation windows is investigated here for one active approach.

156
Attitude control using active-mass-system in parallel two-wheel vehicle with underslung vehicle body
This paper is concerned with an advanced attitude control of the vehicle body in the parallel two-wheel vehicle with underslung vehicle body. Since the parallel two-wheel vehicle has large wheels with its diameter of 1.05m, and the battery, the actuators and the controller are placed on the lower position in the vehicle body, the gravity center of the vehicle body with a passenger can be assigned at the lower position than the wheel axis. Therefore, the vehicle has a pendular structure that enables the vehicle body with the passenger to always maintain the stable posture, even if the vehicle is in the power-off or control-off condition. In order to suppress the sway of the vehicle body on the pitch axis while driving the vehicle, the attitude control system using an active mass system is constructed into the vehicle body. However, the behavior of the vehicle body with the passenger differs depending on person. In this study, a design method for the attitude control system with applicability to various passengers is proposed. The behavior of the vehicle body is related strongly with the passenger's properties. And, the control system using the active mass system is designed by a Backstepping Method. The robust control parameters for suppressing the behavior of the vehicle body associated with the passenger's properties is clarified in this study. The effectiveness of the proposed attitude control system with the active mass system is verified by the experiments using the parallel two-wheel vehicle with underslung vehicle body.

157
Audio feature reduction and analysis for automatic music genre classification
Multimedia database retrieval is growing at a fast rate thereby subsequent increase in the popularity of online retrieval system. The large datasets are major challenges for searching, retrieving, and organizing the music content. Therefore, there is a need of robust automatic music genre classification method for organizing these music data into different classes according to the certain viable information. There are two fundamental components to be considered for genre classification namely audio feature extraction and classifier design. In this paper, diverse audio features set have been proposed to characterize the music contents precisely. The feature sets belong to four different groups, i.e. dynamic, rhythm, spectral, and harmony. From the features, five different statistical parameters are considered as representatives, including up to the 4th order central moments of each feature, and covariance components. Ultimately, significant numbers of representative attributes are controlled by MRMR algorithm. The algorithm calculates the score level of all feature attributes and orders them. The high score feature attributes are only considered for genre classification. Moreover, we can visualize that which audio features and which of the different statistical parameters derived from them are important for genre classification. Among them, mel frequency cepstral coefficients (MFCCs) have higher scored level than other feature attributes. Furthermore, MRMR does not transform the feature value like as principal component analysis (PCA). Besides these, the comparison has been made based on classification accuracy between two-dimensionality reduction methodologies using support vector machine (SVM). The classification accuracy of MRMR feature reduction set outperforms than PCA. The overall classification is also higher than other existing state-of-the-art of frame base methods.

158
Audio-visual feedback for cognitive assistance
The paper describes audio-visual feedback to assist people's cognitive activities by using a mobile robot. Robot assistance provides promising aid for people in rehabilitation. In literature, physical assistance with mechanical systems such as power-assist limbs and mobile support platforms have been studied well. On the other hand, cognitive assistance also plays an important role in rehabilitation especially for motor recognition. Motor recognition of own actions however can be difficult for patients who hold cognitive disorders. We propose a novel robot platform for cognitive assistance that gives effective reference of actions. Lucia, a cognitive assistant robot is capable of interacting with people by using pattern projection and sound generation based on recognition of people's posture and movements. In this paper we will define a framework of cognitive assistance and then detail the implementation of the robot and its control system. In experiments we evaluated effect of audio-visual feedback for improvement in motor control. The experimental results suggested that audio-visual feedback of own actions positively affected to improve the success rate of the task movements.

159
Auditory-aware navigation for mobile robots based on reflection-robust sound source localization and visual SLAM
Autonomous robot navigation using Simultaneous localization and mapping (SLAM) is essential for scene understanding by robots. Most existing systems use visual information, and even though such visual-based technologies are robust and useful for many situations, they have difficulty dealing with certain scenarios such as occluded goal or when the goal is out of frame. Introducing audio information to the navigation system solves these issues effectively. Several audio-based methods have been developed in the past to deal with these issues. However, these existing audio-based methods have been developed with the assumption that the space around the robot is open i.e. no sound reflection occurs. Hence, the invisible goals where the sound reflection can be localized have not been fully considered. This paper proposes a reflection-robust sound source localization method using visual SLAM. This method can deal with sound sources whose direct paths are not available, and using localization, we can set a goal only for the actual sound source. Also, to correct the drift present in the local estimates of Visual Odometry (VO), SLAM was integrated with the system, thus increasing the accuracy and robustness of mapping and navigation of our proposed method. The performance of the proposed system is compared to conventional methods, and it proves to be very efficient and robust especially in extremely reverberant situations. It was found that the integration of VO and SLAM improved the average error of a map by approximately 50 pts, and the accuracy of SSL for direct path of sounds was improved by approximately 8 pts. With the online implementation of these methods we successfully achieved audio visual navigation for the actual sound sources.

160
Augmenting a voice and facial expression control of a robotic wheelchair with assistive navigation
In this work, we are presenting a navigation framework for electric wheelchairs which integrates various alternative input interfaces (voice control with Google Glass, voice control with CMU Sphinx, and facial expression control with Emotiv EPOC) with assistive navigation. Assistive navigation compensates for the limitations of the alternative interfaces by implementing obstacle avoidance. This enables people with limited control over their limbs to freely navigate within indoor environments. A set of use cases designed to ensure safe and reliable navigation is also presented.

161
Automated cycling ergometer with built-in ability to produce resistance profiles
The aim of the research presented in this paper is to demonstrate and report the initial validation results emphasizing the capabilities of a novel, fully automated cycle ergometer that (1) allows faster, repeatable and more accurate adjustments to bicycle geometry via motor controlled actuators and (2) permits the inclusion of resistance profiles via a motor driven linkage to the cranks. The automated set-up configuration for different cyclists' dimensions is achieved in 80 seconds for the first set-up and 17 seconds for the subsequent set-ups as compared to 30 minutes as reported for the current manual set-up techniques.

162
Automated method for extracting “citation sentences” from online biomedical articles using SVM-based text summarization technique
Comment-on (CON), a MEDLINE citation field, indicates previously published articles commented on by authors of a given article expressing possibly complimentary or contradictory opinions. Our idea of identifying the CON list for a given article is to first extract all “citation sentences” from the body text, and then to recognize the sentences (“CON sentences”) among these that mention CON articles and to analyze the corresponding bibliographic data in the reference section. As a preprocessing step for identifying the CON list, this paper presents a general method for extracting “citation sentences” in the body text of online biomedical articles using a support vector machine (SVM)-based text summarization technique. Input feature vectors for the SVM are created by combining four types of features: 1) word statistics representing how differently a word occurs in “citation sentences” compared to other sentences, and the existence of 2) author names, 3) publication years, and 4) citation tags in a sentence. A rule-based post-processing step is also introduced to further reduce false negative errors in detecting “citation sentences”. Experiments on a set of online biomedical articles show that a SVM with a RBF achieves good performance overall in terms of accuracy, precision, recall, and F-measure rates. Our experiments also show that errors in extracting “citation sentences” cause a minor degradation of performance in identifying CON sentences, but can be improved through the proposed rule-based post-processing.

163
Automatic decision support by information energy decision tree algorithm
The application of information entropy to decision tree algorithms has been shown to produce very accurate classifiers. Information entropy is utilized to ensure that the average distance of paths from the non-leaf node to each descendant leaf node of the decision tree is shortest. Therefore, it works well for data set which covers all the underlying rules. But it is lack of prediction ability when the training data set can not cover all the underlying rules. In this paper, we propose a novel indicator, information energy, to generate decision tree. Information energy describes the distance from the current state of a data set to its balance state. Proper selection of attribute can divide a data set into a state of higher information energy and produce classification rules of prediction ability. A generator of random sample sets and rules is designed to provide synthetic samples for experimental verification. Experimental results show that information energy outperforms information entropy in both speed and accuracy when the training data set can not cover all the underlying rules.

164
Automatic elastic net clustering algorithm
Clustering has always been playing a vital role in many different disciplines because it is an important tool for analyzing a set of unknown input patterns. However, some important issues related to clustering, such as automatically determining the number of clusters and partitioning non-linearly separable data, are never fully solved even though many researchers work on this subject for a long time. As such, a novel method based on the so called elastic net clustering algorithm is presented in this paper to deal with exactly the two issues: partitioning non-linearly separable data and automatically determining the number of clusters. To evaluate the performance of the proposed algorithm, several well-known datasets are used. The experimental results show that not only can the proposed algorithm find the appropriate number of clusters, but it can also provide a higher accuracy rate than all the other methods compared in this study for most datasets.

165
Automatic location of facial landmarks for plastic surgery procedures
Plastic surgeons need to collect a great amount of data to perform preoperative analysis before taking any decisions about the appropriate surgical procedures. There are several metrics, based on soft-tissue facial landmarks, to define which procedures should be taken into account when planning a plastic surgery. This work proposes a novel automatic method to locate and identify facial points in profile images via analysis based on the feature of each point, aiming to help collecting data for planning plastic surgery procedures. The method was tested and the results show that the automatic location could be used to provide data to aesthetic analysis.

166
Automatic prediction of consistency among team members' understanding of group decisions in meetings
Occasionally, participants in a meeting can leave with different understandings of what had been discussed. For meetings that require immediate response (such as disaster response planning), the participants must share a common understanding of the decisions reached by the group to ensure successful execution of their mission. In such domains, inconsistency among individuals' understanding of the meeting results would be detrimental, as this can potentially degrade group performance. Thus, detecting the occurrence of inconsistencies in understanding among meeting participants is a desired capability for an intelligent system that would monitor meetings and provide feedback to spur stronger group understanding. In this paper, we seek to predict the consistency among team members' understanding of group decisions. We use self-reported summaries as a representative measure for team members' understanding following meetings, and present a computational model that uses a set of verbal and nonverbal features from natural dialogue. This model focuses on the conversational dynamics between the participants, rather than on what is being discussed. We apply our model to a real-world conversational dataset and show that its features can predict group consistency with greater accuracy than conventional dialogue features. We also show that the combination of verbal and nonverbal features in multimodal fusion improves several performance metrics, and that our results are consistent across different meeting phases.

167
Automatic video shot boundary detection of news stream using a high-level fuzzy Petri net
With the advent of digital era, the users have difficulty in using and absorbing overwhelming information brought out by technological advances in multimedia. Thus, the development of video summarization enables users to have a general idea about videos in a short time. This study focuses on the shot change, a part of the video summarization, to conduct an experimental sample on news programs. Moreover, a high-level fuzzy Petri net model is presented to describe boundary frames combination which indicates a shot boundary used for video frame sequence to detect both cut transitions and gradual transitions. The experimental results manifest it saves a lot of time and reduces the occurrence of improper shot change caused by the motions of objects and cameras when comparing this method with human labor.

168
Automatic video tagging method for cortical mapping in awake craniotomy records
Operation video recording is one of efficient methods for analyzing surgical workflow and intraoperative incident detection. In “Intelligent Operating Room” at Tokyo Women's Medical University Hospital, the special neurological surgery called awake craniotomy is recorded by video recording system IEMAS (Intraoperative Examination Monitor for Awake Surgery). There are a number of useful video records of surgical procedure such as patient reactions and surgical operations. However, these surgical event tags which are used for surgcial workflow analysis are not contained in IEMAS records. IEMAS is composed multi-view video cameras, so manual tagging for video records is a lot of labor because of the large length of surgical operation videos. In awake craniotomy, electrical stimulation is one of significant surgical operations for detecting eloquent brain areas. In this paper, we propose the automatic detection method for the stimulation points onto patient's brain areas from raw IEMAS video records by using image processing approach. In the previous work, we proposed stimulation timing detection method from surgery sound records of IEMAS. Hence, we propose a detection method of surgical instrument for electrical stimulation in order to tag the stimulated positions on surgical view. However, detected positions on the video frame coordinates depend on camera view changes. Therefore, we map video frame positions to representative video frame positions by using homography transformation in order to enable to analyze stimulated points relation. We applied automatic video tagging method for several raw IEMAS video records and show its performance.

169
Availability modeling and analysis of a VoD service for eucalyptus platform
Cloud computing environments are an emerging technology that aims at proving several cloud services over the Internet, making it possible to provide a huge variety of applications with different purposes to users. Multimedia services are examples of these new services that use cloud computing, like video streaming, where the user can access their videos from cloud environments. For cloud service systems, assurance of high-availability of cloud services is a challenging and critical issue. In this paper, we evaluated the video streaming service's availability for video on demand cloud system. Hierarchical modeling strategy, availability models combining reliability blocks diagrams (RBD) and continuous time Markov chain (CTMC) were used, indicating a system availability of 1.92 nines. The critical component of the system was indicated through sensibility analysis. We realized a model validation technique to demonstrate that the models represent the behavior of the real system.

170
BCI based multi-player 3-D game control using EEG for enhancing attention and memory
Brain-Computer Interface (BCI) technique is considered as an efficient alternative modality for improving brain functions such as attention and cognition, based on real time feedback of Electroencephalogram (EEG) signals and their self-regulation. Commercialization of EEG headsets provides tremendous opportunities and possibilities for this technology to employ EEG in video games for cognitive-skill enhancement. This paper proposes a multi-player video game in 3-D environment controlled by EEG features related to 3 different levels of attention. A number of conventional control mechanisms present in commercial games such as keyboard strokes have also been integrated in the game. Three different levels of attention have been detected from players based on their sample entropy features and band power values in alpha, beta and theta bands of EEG. Three subjects have successfully navigated in the designed 3-D environment using EEG based controls as well as keyboard inputs. Experimental results reveal the feasibility of integrating brain signal based inputs along with conventional control inputs in the context of multi-player neurofeedback games for improving brain functions.

171
Balancing human and inter-agent influences for shared control of bio-inspired collectives
Human interaction with bio-inspired collectives provides an interesting setting for studying shared control. A human will often have knowledge of global objectives and high-level plans, but the collective will often have more detailed lower-level knowledge about the particulars of the situation at hand. Thus it is important to understand how control can be appropriately shared between the human and the collective. We analyze human interaction with bio-inspired collectives using graph theory, and propose that there are two human-side elements that determine how well control is shared: span and persistence. We additionally propose that there is a collective-side element that determines how well control is shared: connectivity. We study two examples of shared-control between a human and a bio-inspired collective: shaping a spatial formation and causing a collective to switch between stable collective states. Our empirical results show that span, persistence, and connectivity combine to affect (1) how influence is shared between the human and the collective and (2) the resulting success of human-collective interactions.

172
Bijections for the numeric representation of labeled graphs
Graphs denote useful dependencies among objects ubiquitously. This paper introduces new and simple bijections to the integer grid to enable the succinct, canonical and efficient representations of labeled graphs; whereas previous work has focused on regularities in structure such as triangularity, separability, planarity, symmetry and sparsity. By succinct we imply that space is information-theoretically optimal, by canonical we imply that generation of instances is unique, and by efficient we imply that coding and decoding take polynomial time. Our results have direct implications to handle labeled graphs by using single numbers efficiently, which is significant to enable the canonical graph encodings in learning and optimization algorithms. Our bijections are the first known in the literature.

173
Bimodal biometric system based on SIFT descriptors of hand images
Hand shape biometry is among the most popular biometrics employed to characterize a person in forensic applications, due to its simplicity of use and acceptance of individuals. However, this modality presents weaknesses which may make system inaccurate. In fact, people from the same family or twins may have related hand features. Therefore, the performance of the hand verification process depends highly on the hand descriptors. In this paper, we propose a new approach for personal verification combining hand shape and palmprint features extracted using the Scale Invariant Feature Transform (SIFT). This transform was improved its high distinction and efficiency in many applications especially in object recognition and video tracking. Our experiments on IITD hand database demonstrate promising results by fusing at matching level score the hand shape and palmprint modalities. These results are comparable with similar bimodal identification methods.

174
BreadZip: a combination of network traffic data and bitmap index encoding algorithm
Nowadays, rapid evolution of computers and mobile devices has caused the explosive increase in network traffic. So it becomes more and more necessary to archive network traffic for analyzing network events and a lot of emerging applications. Compression is fundamental for traffic archival solution to save the storage space, and indexing is effective to accelerate search queries for archive of traffic data. In this paper, we propose BreadZip (blocks row-reordering and adaptive index zip), a combination of initial traffic data and index compression. BreadZip has three main advantages. 1) to improve compressing efficiency and reduce memory footprint, traffic data is reordered in sequence and divided into fixed-size blocks; 2) to accelerate queries, an improved bitmap indexes with smaller volume than traditional will be introduced; 3) to save space, both traffic blocks and bitmap indexes are compressed in different simple run-length encoding methods respectively. Finally, our empirical results on network traffic from CAIDA (Cooperative Association for Internet Data Analysis) show that our solution can significantly reduce the volume of traffic data, while simultaneously preserving the ability to perform selectively queries with response times in seconds.

175
CUBot: Prototype of a computer-using robot
Pointing at objects on screen through cursor is a significant function for manipulating a personal computer. A prototypical robot CUBot1, which can perceive the content displayed on the PC's screen and control the PC's mouse to perform the interaction with PC like a computer user, is presented in this paper. A heuristic control algorithm is developed for the CUBot so that it possesses the ability of eye-hand coordination to perform the pointing strategy onto PC's screen like human. Two missions of CUBot manipulating a PC are implemented to demonstrate the feasibility of the proposed design.

176
Can online user behavior improve the performance of sales prediction in E-commerce?
How to forecast product sales effectively and efficiency in E-commerce is a significant task for E-commerce producers to manage product inventory and design marketing strategies. However, under the uncertainty of product demand, sales prediction is a complex task. This paper presents a novel data mining framework for sales prediction based on online user behavior data. Under the framework, the relationship of sales data and online user behavior data is well modelled, and the optimal lag of online user behavior data for sales prediction is also identified. In terms of evaluation criteria, a number of books are used for sales prediction. The empirical results show the efficiency and effectiveness of the proposed framework and also revealed that among different categories of books, the forecasting performance of some categories including Finance and Exam heavily relies on online user behavior information. So, it indicates that the proposed framework can be used as a potential alternative to analyze the sales trend, and help managers in E-commerce companies for inventory optimization and customer relationship management.

177
Cancerous tweets: Socially sharing sensitive health information
Social networks provide opportunities to overshare information in a secondhand nature as information passes from primary to secondary to tertiary sources. This information can be supplemented with geographical information to obtain the approximate location of the primary information source without the primary source's consent, presenting a potential breach of privacy. Messages regarding severe illness were obtained from the popular social media site Twitter to understand how sensitive information may propagate unregulated through secondhand information sharing. Results indicate that 59% of tweets concerning severe illness are Retweets distributed without explicit consent from the primary source. A majority of these Retweets were propagated by family and friends of the primary source.

178
Canonical deterministic particle swarm optimization to sustain global search
Particle swarm optimization is very simple algorithm. However, the trajectory of each particle becomes pretty complicated because each particle is affected by the information of the other particles. In order to analyze the dynamics of the PSO rigorously, we propose the canonical deterministic PSO (CD-PSO). The CD-PSO is described by a canonical form, and the dynamics is characterized by the damping factor and the rotational angle. The dynamics of the CD-PSO can be analyzed theoretically, however, the solution search performance is worse than the conventional PSO. The reason why the performance of the CD-PSO is poor, is the rotation radius of the particle is decreased with the change of the best position. The small rotation radius contributes to the local search ability, but the global search ability is spoiled. Therefore, we propose a method to sustain the global search for the CD-PSO. The function is realized by maintaining the rotation radius. Applying the proposed method for the CD-PSO, the solution search performance improves that of the conventional CD-PSO.

179
Capability-aware energy-efficient virtual machine scheduling in heterogeneous datacenters
Minimizing energy consumption in datacenters requires virtual machine (VM) scheduling methods that effectively deal with system heterogeneities. Existing heterogeneity-aware VM scheduling mechanisms focus on capacity-level heterogeneities while capability-level heterogeneities are largely ignored. In this paper, we propose an integer programming formulation of the VM scheduling model that considers capability-level heterogeneities. Given the NP-hardness of the model, we present a heuristic-based capability-aware VM scheduling algorithm to obtain energy-efficient VM scheduling solutions. Simulation results show that the proposed heuristic algorithm generates near optimal scheduling solutions while significantly reducing computation times.

180
Cascade classification for diagnosing dementia
Dementia is a syndrome caused by a chronic or progressive disease of the brain, which affects memory, orientation, thinking, calculation, learning ability and language. The Clock Drawing Test (CDT) and Mini Mental State Examination (MMSE) are well-known cognitive assessment tests. A known obstacle to the wider usage of the CDT assessments is the scoring and interpretation of the results. This paper introduces a novel cascade CDT classifier, which can help in the diagnosis of three stages of dementia. The data used in this research are 604 clock drawings produced by patients and healthy individuals. The study employs 47 visual features, which are selected following a comprehensive analysis of the available data and the most common CDT scoring systems reported in the medical literature. These features are used to build a new digitized dataset needed to train and validate the proposed classifier. The results show significant improvement of 6.8% in differentiating between three levels of dementia (normal/functional, mild cognitive impairment/mild dementia, and moderate/severe dementia) when compared to a single stage classifier. In particular, the results show classification accuracy of over 89% when discriminating between normal and abnormal conditions only.

181
Cascaded hybrid Wavelet Network for hand gestures recognition
This paper presents a new cascaded hybrid Wavelet Network Classifier (CHWNC) designed for hand gesture recognition in real time applications. This paper contains two key contributions. The first is the amelioration of our previous works in the classification domain employing wavelet networks (WN). Precisely, by ameliorating the training way of the latest wavelet network classifier (WNC) version by representing each training class by one WN instead of creating a WN for each training image. This contribution makes very rapid the test phase by reducing the number of comparisons between test images WNs and training WNs. The second contribution is the proposition of a new wavelet network architecture including the cascade notion which decomposes the WN on a set of stages. The new architecture has as aim not only to make recognitions robust and rapid but also to reject as fast as possible gestures which must not be considered by the system (spontaneous gestures). Experiments, based on a well known hand posture dataset, show that our method is very robust and rapid compared to already existing ones.

182
Character string extraction from scene images by eliminating non-character elements
This paper discusses a method to extract character strings from scene images. In this method, the Canny edge detector is first applied to a scene image, and the binary edge image is then obtained. Next, small edge elements are separated from large edge elements because edge elements from characters are much smaller than edge elements from non-character objects such as signboards etc. However, many of the small edge elements are noises, that is, most of them are obtained from non-character objects such as roadside trees etc., and so we first remove some of the noises by a dilation operator, a mathematical morphology operator. After that we eliminate the remaining noise edge elements by checking the local segment densities. Finally, a fuzzy inference system is applied to detect character strings from the remaining small edge elements. The performance of the proposed method is examined by computer experiments.

183
Characteristic analysis of UHF band propagation channel form under the sea
Recently, the radio wave communication method in the sea water has been developed by authors. The radio wave communication can be realized by attaching the dielectric material as the propagation channel between intercommunication systems in watertight cases equipped on the underwater vehicle. This method provides the high speed and the large volume data communication compared with the acoustic wave communication in the sea water. In this paper, the characteristic analysis of propagation channels of the radio wave communication in the sea water is discussed. The field intensity depending upon the form and the contact area of the propagation channel are investigated experimentally.

184
Characteristics of the human weight perception when lifting objects with a power assist system
Power assist devices are meant to be used in cooperation with humans. However, there are several variables that influence the human response and the actual systems rarely take into account the human features, hence failing to fulfill their potential. In this paper, the way that constraining and applying different lifting schemes affect the perceived weight of the lifted object is presented. The results of the experiment showed a correlation between the perceived weight and the restrained condition leading to a second experiment to determine if the grip force applied was related to the perceived weight. These results were applied in the creation and the experimental methods of the presented one-degree of freedom power assist device for lifting objects and its control algorithm. The objective of the aforementioned device was to enlighten the factors behind the difference in the perceived weights, found in a previous research, between lifting an unconstrained object and lifting it with a power assist device. As a result, a correlation was established between the reaction force and the perceived weight, focusing in the timeframe in which the object lost all contact with the support surface.

185
Characterization of of urban traffic by using mobile phone traces
The current trend of urbanization involving changes within the activities in a city has created several problems. Addressing these problems requires reliable and detailed information regarding urban structure and related dynamics. This study uses mobile phone Call Detail Records (CDR) data collected from cellular towers in Györ, Hungary. First, our method began with the pre-processing of the telecom data. Then, experiments were carried out to understand the city dynamics through GIS visualization and statistical analysis. The visualizations provided a quantitative explanation of how the movement of cellular activity is useful in highlighting the flow of people in an urban infrastructure. This approach could complement and augment the efforts of traditional urban data collection methodologies, which are usually not readily available to urban planners and policy makers.

186
Checking formal verification models for human-automation interaction
In complex human-machine systems, unforeseen failures in the interaction between human agents, automation and the environment provide an important contribution to incidents and accidents. The complexity of many systems precludes a designer from foreseeing all possible states of interaction. Formal verification methods are explored as a means of making human-machine systems more robust against failures arising from these unforeseen interactions. For these methods, a analytic model of the operator task is combined with a formal model of the system (automation), and, using model checking tools, a formal verification of the interaction is performed. Validity of the results, however, does require a sufficient correspondence between the model and the actual system. To validate this correspondence, this study explores an approach where the predictions from a formal model are compared to behavior of the human-machine system. The Paparazzi UAV ground control station is used as a test case, and a framework was created to automatically play back results from the formal verification tool to the UAV ground control simulation. The results show a good correspondence between the actual system and the model results, even if the model is by necessity a simplified description of actual system behavior. A remaining problem is creating enough variation in verification tool traces to properly test the correspondence between the formal model and the system.

187
Choosing instance selection method using meta-learning
Many instance selection methods (ISMs) have been widely studied and proposed. But none of these methods obtain good performance on every data set. In this work, we propose an architecture to select the best ISM for a given data set. We use meta-learning to train a meta-classifier that learns the relationship between the ISMs performance and the data set structure. The proposed method was evaluated on public data sets and showed better results than traditional approaches.

188
Civil aircraft suppliers selection based on grey target and grey cluster decision method
Choosing suitable and excavating potential civil aircraft suppliers are key links of realizing the aircraft collaborative development, and important factors to improve competitiveness of the aviation supply chain. In view of this, according to the characteristics of civil aircraft supplier selection, imitating the idea of multi-target weighted grey target decision and using the grey clustering method to construct the airliner supplier evaluation clustering method. Firstly, indicator system of civil aircraft supplier evaluation is designed, and the multi-objective intelligent weighted grey target decision method is used to dimensionless processing for supplier evaluation indicators, and then the improved triangle whitening weight function clustering method is applied to evaluating suppliers clustering, lastly the validity and rationality of the model is verified by giving an example of supplier selection for an aircraft structure part clustering evaluation. The results show that the method constructed can handle aircraft supplier evaluation and clustering problems well, and choose aircraft supplier effectively.

189
Class specific subspace learning for collaborative representation
Collaborative representation based classification (CRC) has been successfully used for visual recognition and showed impressive performance recently. However, it directly uses the training samples from each class as the subspaces to calculate the minimum residual error for a given testing sample. This leads to high residual error and instability, which is critical especially for a small number of training samples in each class. In this paper, we propose a class specific subspace learning algorithm for collaborative representation. By introducing the dual form of subspace learning, it presents an explicit relationship between the basis vectors and the original image features, and thus enhances the interpretability. Lagrange multipliers are then applied to optimize the corresponding objective function, i.e., learning the weights used in constructing the subspaces. Extensive experimental results demonstrate that the proposed algorithm has achieved superior performance in several visual recognition tasks.

190
Classification ensemble to improve medical Named Entity Recognition
An accurate Named Entity Recognition (NER) is important for knowledge discovery in text mining. This paper proposes an ensemble machine learning approach to recognise Named Entities (NEs) from unstructured and informal medical text. Specifically, Conditional Random Field (CRF) and Maximum Entropy (ME) classifiers are applied individually to the test data set from the i2b2 2010 medication challenge. Each classifier is trained using a different set of features. The first set focuses on the contextual features of the data, while the second concentrates on the linguistic features of each word. The results of the two classifiers are then combined. The proposed approach achieves an f-score of 81.8%, showing a considerable improvement over the results from CRF and ME classifiers individually which achieve f-scores of 76% and 66.3% for the same data set, respectively.

191
Classification of BGP anomalies using decision trees and fuzzy rough sets
Border Gateway Protocol (BGP) is the core component of the Internet's routing infrastructure. Abnormal routing behavior impairs global Internet connectivity and stability. Hence, designing and implementing anomaly detection algorithms is important for improving performance of routing protocols. While various machine learning techniques may be employed to detect BGP anomalies, their performance strongly depends on the employed learning algorithms. These techniques have multiple variants that often work well for detecting a particular anomaly. In this paper, we use the decision tree and fuzzy rough set methods for feature selection. Decision tree and extreme learning machine classification techniques are then used to maximize the accuracy of detecting BGP anomalies. The proposed techniques are tested using Internet traffic traces.

192
Classification of a real live heart failure clinical dataset- Is TAN Bayes better than other Bayes?
Real live clinical data often present itself with a number of usual challenges, such as class imbalance, high dimensionality and missing data. There is the added complexity of the data being distributed non-uniformly and skewed. Thus the performance of classical classification methods with this type of data is lower than with other types of data. Classification based on Bayes is often suggested as a better method, however, the typical assumption made for Bayes, such as variable and data distributions are not satisfied by real clinical data. This paper focuses on improving the performance of Bayesian classifiers but also on how the underlying structures of the data affects the performance. Thus this paper will focus on Bayesian methodologies, namely use of non-parametric Kernel Density Estimation (KDE) and Tree Augmented Naïve Bayes (TAN). The aim is to measure the performance on the heart failure dataset and by focusing on how the data structure improves the classification. The missing data present in the clinical heart failure datasets are replaced using two imputation methods and results compared. We also apply the imputed datasets on three classifiers including J48 (decision tree), naïve Bayesian multinomial and Bayesian network. The experiments show an improvement on the naïve Bayes using KDE, however TAN achieves significant improvement with the different missing value imputation methods. It is seen that TAN not only improves performance of the classifier, but also enhances prediction accuracy while maintaining efficiency and model simplicity.

193
Classification of neural action potentials using mean shift clustering
Understanding neural functions requires the observation of the activities of single neurons that are represented via electrophysiological data. Processing and understanding these data are challenging problems in biomedical engineering. A microelectrode commonly records the activity of multiple neurons. Spike sorting is a process of classifying every single action potential (spike) to a particular neuron. This paper proposes a combination between diffusion maps (DM) and mean shift clustering method for spike sorting. DM is utilized to extract spike features, which are highly capable of discriminating different spike shapes. Mean shift clustering provides an automatic unsupervised clustering, which takes extracted features from DM as inputs. Experimental results show a noticeable dominance of the features extracted by DM compared to those selected by wavelet transformation (WT). Accordingly, the proposed integrated method is significantly superior to the popular existing combination of WT and superparamagnetic clustering regarding spike sorting accuracy.

194
Cloud aided safety-based route planning
This paper proposes a novel multi-objective route planning approach within the framework of a Vehicle-to-Cloud-to-Vehicle (V2C2V) architecture. Time and road risk index (RRI) are both considered as metrics. To evaluate road segment risk, an accident database from the Highway Safety Information System (HSIS) is processed to build a comprehensive road risk assessment model. Route planning is formulated as a multi-objective network flow problem and further reduced to a Mixed Integer Programming (MIP) problem. A real-world case study, route planning through the city of Columbus, Ohio, is presented. The Vehicle-to-Cloud-to-Vehicle (V2C2V) based implementation of our safety-based route planning approach is proposed to facilitate access to real-time information and computing resources.

195
Cloud manufacturing analysis based on ontology mapping and multi agent systems
Manufacturing through the use of cloud computing has been further extended using cloud manufacturing technology. According to the literature, the benefits of this approach include transparency, cost-efficiency, sharing of resources and the scalability of production. A multi-agent system-informed ontology used in manufacturing environments facilitates knowledge storage, inference and retrieval especially for the case of distributed resources. Based on service-oriented thinking, a cloud manufacturing OWL-S ontology model is proposed. Ontology mapping and an inference engine will be used to complete service request, publishing and binding processes. A new cloud-oriented manufacturing service OWL-S ontology would provide an extension to the Web framework, which introduces a semantic description of manufacturing services. This is for the cloud to build upon theoretical foundations and comply with standards. Manufacturing services are built in with a cloud-based negotiation mechanism using agent division, cooperation, competition and negotiation to achieve dynamic cloud manufacturing services' aggregation and running. ANALYSIS is a complex, non-linear, large cloud dynamic system for manufacturing. It is a cloud-based agent model represented in IDEF0 view, and functions on the basis of analysis of the mode of operation. Cloud services are adaptable to clients' needs, and these may include various stages of a product lifestyle, including product design, manufacturing, testing and management.

196
Clustering using artificial bee colony on CUDA
Artificial bee colony is a meta-heuristic optimization algorithm based on the behavior of honey bee swarm. These bees work largely independently of other bees, making the algorithm suitable for parallel implementation. Within this paper, we introduce the algorithm itself and its subsequent parallelization utilizing the CUDA platform. The runtime speedup is demonstrated on several commonly used test functions for optimization. The algorithm is subsequently applied to the problem of clustering real data.

197
Coalitional game-based adaboost
In this paper, we introduce a modified Adaboost algorithm, named CGAdaboost, based on cooperative game theory. The algorithm iteratively estimates the value or contribution of each weak learner in the classifier ensemble using Shapley value. Experimental results on UCI and Delve Benchmark datasets show that coalitional game based-Adaboost outperforms the original Adaboost by a margin of 2.25%.

198
Cognitive mechanism in synchronized motion: An internal predictive model for manual tracking control (special session)
Many daily tasks involve spatio-temporal coordination between two agents. Study of such coordinated actions in human-human and human-robot interaction has received increased attention of late. In this work, we use the mirror paradigm to study coupling of hand motion in a leader-follower game. The main aim of this study is to model the motion of the follower, given a particular motion of the leader. We propose a mathematical model consistent with the internal model hypothesis and the delays in the sensorimotor system. A qualitative comparison of data collected in four human dyads shows that it is possible to successfully model the motion of the follower.

199
Collaborative discovery of Chinese neologisms in social media
The emergence of neologism in social media has bought the researchers' attention. Traditional ways of text mining are not sufficient to handle the unique properties of messages in the new media. New methods have been developed to extract neologisms in order to help researchers to understand about community behavior in different media. In this paper, we propose a collaborative framework to detect neologisms from various social media. There are 4 different types of agents working collaboratively. Among them, the summarizing agent is using the life span parameter to confirm if an unknown character pattern is a neologism. Preliminary experiments have been performed to investigate the possible popularity patterns of some known neologisms.

200
Collaborative filtering by PSO-based MMMF
Matrix factorization (MF) techniques are one of the most succesful realisations of recommender systems based on collaborative filtering/prediction (CF). For instance, in a movie recommender system based on CF, the inputs to the system are user ratings on movies (items) the users have already seen. To predict user preferences on movies they have not yet watched one needs to understand the patterns in the partially observed rating matrix. It is possible to visualize this setting as a matrix completion problem, i.e., completing entries in a partially observed data matrix. Then the objective is to compute user latent factor and item latent factor such that the rating matrix is completed. The factorization is usually accomplished by minimizing an objective function using gradient descent or its variants such as conjugate gradient or stochastic gradient descent. In this paper we make use of a particular MF technique called Maximum Margin Matrix Factorization (MMMF) and show that it is suitable for multi-level discrete rating matrix. The factorization is accomplished by minimizing the hinge loss objective function. We propose to improve the gradient search by combining a component of particle Swarm Optimisation (PSO) search. Though earlier attempts of improving PSO search by adding gradient information exist, the main objective of the present work is to improvise gradient/stochastic-gradient search. Our proposed algorithm finds better minimizing points early (fewer number of iterations) not only for the loss function but also for other performance metrics of collaborative filtering such as RMSE and MAE. There has not been any earlier attempt to combine particle swarm optimisation with maximum margin matrix factorisation for collaborative filtering.

201
Collision avoidance and its experimental investigation for a side-faced-type multi-fingered haptic interface
To display three-directional forces at a user's multiple fingertips and to allow the user to grasp a small virtual object, we previously developed a side-faced-type multi-fingered haptic interface. This haptic interface consists of a five-fingered haptic hand and an arm, and the haptic interface is located on the side of the user's body. Therefore, there is a risk that the haptic hand and the user's hand will collide while the user manipulates the haptic interface. In this paper, we realized a control system for collision avoidance for a side-faced-type multi-fingered haptic interface, and present experimental results demonstrating its validity.

202
Coloured Petri Net modeling and analysis for Community based wireless mesh networks
Wireless mesh networks (WMNs) architecture comprised of mesh routers and mesh clients while their backbone is established through mesh routers which have minimum movements. Coloured Petri Net (CPNs) is a graphical formalism, which is suitable for specification, modeling, analyzing and validating of such systems, where synchronization, communication and concurrency play a major role. This paper presents an abstract level formal model for Community based WMN through CPNs. We aim to provide an easy way to elaborate the behavioral specification for community based WMN system. We further used hierarchical coloured Petri nets for modeling and analyzing our designed structures using CPN tools. We discuss the critical analysis and performance characteristics of the WMN model. Standard behavioral properties e.g. boundedness, home marking and deadlocks analysis as well as statistical analysis are also discussed through state space based method of CPN tools.

203
Columnar NoSQL CUBE: Agregation operator for columnar NoSQL data warehouse
The emergence of large volumes of data imposed by the major players of the web requires new management models and new data storage architectures and treatment able to find information quickly in a large volume of data. The column-oriented NoSQL (Not Only SQL) database provide for big data the most suitable model to the data warehouse and the structure of multidimensional data in OLAP cube form. However, in the absence of OLAP cube computation operators, we propose in this paper, a new aggregation operator called CN-CUBE (Columnar NoSQL CUBE), which allows data cubes to be computed from data warehouses stored in column-oriented NoSQL database management system. We implemented the CNCUBE operator using the SQL Phoenix interface of HBase DBMS and conducted experiments on a public data warehouse in a distributed environment produced using the Hadoop platform. Thus we have shown that our CN-CUBE operator has OLAP cubes computation times very suitable for NoSQL warehouses.

204
Combined model of GM (0, N) and neural network algorithm for civil aircraft cost estimation
Cost estimation is the key problem in production management of civil aircraft. Consider the cost information of similar products can not be easily gathered, a combination model of GM (0, N) model and BP neural network algorithm is proposed. The superiorities of simulation of BP neural network algorithm and poor information generating of GM (0, N) can be effectively combined. So the new algorithm of combination model is given out. The case of cost estimation of civil aircraft is used to test the validity of the proposed model. To compare with the traditional multiple linear regression model and simple GM (0, N) model, the results indicated that the proposed model can do the work better.

205
Comparative study of learning algorithms for recognition by hand geometry
This paper presents an approach for personal recognition based on hand geometry applying different classification and training methods to measure the results. The features extraction process prioritizes user comfort during capture and produces segmentation of hands and fingers with high precision. For classification, Bayesian networks and support vector machines methods were applied in three different implementations. Tests using cross-validation and random subsampling techniques were performed. The experiments demonstrated competitive results when compared to other state-of-the-art methods, especially for classification using cross-validation applied to BayesNet and SMO classifiers, both with an accuracy of 99.85%.

206
Comparing European and American spatial standards for Internet of Things
In a world that is propelling towards the concept of a “geospatial web” filled with the Internet of Things (IoT), spatial standards for location-based services become vital. IoT technology allows devices and products to interact and connect with our natural and built environments. The success of IoT rely on open spatial standards. In this paper we will discuss how important spatial standards are for IoT and why spatial standardization gaps still occur. We will cover the different categories for spatial localization algorithms, followed by examples of American companies that are trending with the spatial standards in IoT applications. We will then analyze how the United States and the European Union (EU) are involved with the development of spatial standards. The US and EU have quite different methods in achieving the same goal having open and transparent spatial standards.

207
Comparing alternative cluster management approaches for mobile node tracking in a factory Wireless Sensor Network
Wireless Sensor Networks (WSNs) deployed on a shop floor for factory automation are subject to dynamic and uncertain conditions present with heavy machinery. To overcome these obstacles, on one hand, WSNs should be reconfigurable and adaptable to changes in the shop floor and ambient condition; on the other hand, WSNs should be efficient in consuming the limited wireless network resources. To accomplish these goals, we propose two cluster-based architectures (i.e. static or dynamic clusters), to organize the overall shop floor into a set of tracking zones, each composed of a sink node and a set of closest corresponding anchor nodes. To manage the wireless nodes activities and inter and intra cluster communications, an agent-based technique is employed. To compare the architectures, we report on a set of experiments performed in JADE (Java Agent Development Environment). In these experiments, we compare two agent-based approaches (dynamic and static) for managing clusters of wireless sensor nodes in a distributed tracking system. The experimental results corroborate the efficiency of static clusters versus the robustness of the dynamic clusters.

208
Comparing machine and human ability to detect phishing emails
This paper compares the results of computer and human efforts to determine whether an email is legitimate or a phishing attempt. For this purpose, we have run two series of experiments, one for the computer and the other for human subjects. Both experiments addressed the same corpora, one of phishing emails, and the other of legitimate ones. Both the computer and human subjects were asked to detect which emails were phishing and which were legitimate. The results are interesting, both separately and in comparison. Even at this limited, non-semantic state of computation, they indicate that human and computer competences should complement each other, and that, of course, will lead to the integration of human-accessible semantics into computation.

209
Comparison of Particle Swarm Optimization algorithms in Wireless Sensor Network node localization
The node localization in Wireless Sensor Network (WSN) presently plays an important role in the field of applications. Particle Swarm Optimization (PSO) algorithm is a typical swarm intelligence method. Researchers propose many PSO variants and try to apply PSO algorithm to the related problems in WSN. This paper focuses on the WSN node localization using PSO algorithm. This paper conducts the experiment simulation, comparison and evaluation work in the node localization using PSO algorithm. The performance of different PSO variants with different population topologies is analyzed. Experiment simulations show that WSN node localization using PSO algorithm can get good performance in ring topology and square topology. In particular, the two newly proposed PSO variants (GDPSO and LDPSO) have good performance on this problem. This paper proposes some useful conclusions, which will provide a valuable reference to WSN engineering field.

210
Comparison of sigma-point filters for state estimation of diabetes models
In physiological control there is a need to estimate signals that cannot be measured directly. Burdened by measurement noise and unknown disturbances this proves to be challenging, since the models are usually highly nonlinear. Sigma-point filters could represent an adequate choice to overcome this problem. The paper investigates the applicability of several different versions of sigma-point filters for the Artificial Pancreas problem on the widely used Cambridge (Hovorka)-model.

211
Computational evaluation of hybrid method for car control and assignment problem in MCE systems
As the height of buildings grows, the demand of enhancing transportation capability in buildings has been increasing. If many elevator shafts are installed, its footprint occupies most floor space; floor space for activities is reduced. Multi-car elevator (MCE) systems are studied as one of the solutions for this problem. MCE systems can increase transportation capability without increasing floor space because MCE systems have several cars in each shaft. Optimization of car control and call assignment is necessary to control MCE systems safety and transport passengers rapidly. Our previous studies formulated the optimization problem as an Integer Program (IP) and a Mixed Integer Program (MIP). There, however, is a problem on the time for optimization. Therefore, a hybrid method of Constraint Program (CP) and MIP is proposed in this paper and is evaluated through computational experiments. The results show that the proposed method can transport passengers faster than existing methods.

212
Concept representation in intuitionistic fuzzy social relational networks
In this paper, we propose intuitionistic fuzzy social graphs to model intuitionistic fuzzy social relational networks which contain positive relationships and negative relationships between actors. We also show some properties of intuitionistic fuzzy relations between vertices in intuitionistic fuzzy social graphs. Then, for further analysis of intuitionistic fuzzy social relational networks, we propose several concepts, i.e. the concept of the strength of connectedness between vertices, having at most k edges between them, and the concept of the intuitionistic fuzzy level-cut of the strength of connectedness between vertices. Finally, we propose the concept of intuitionistic fuzzy clusters by the paradigm of computing with words.

213
Conceptual crowdsourcing models for e-learning
Crowdsourcing tools have improved e-learning over the last few years. However, these tools vary in many aspects. This work discusses and analyzes the basic e-learning processes based on these tools, defining ways to classify them through these processes. Finally, we define conceptual models tailored to each type of process, using a standard notation for software development. These conceptual models may be used to build new e-learning crowdsourcing tools.

214
Conflict analysis on water use and oil sands development in the Athabasca River
A conflict over water use and oil sands development in the Athabasca River Basin is modelled, and a stability analysis is carried out based on the Graph Model for Conflict Analysis. Oil sands require a great deal of water to extract bitumen, which may lead to insufficient water supply to the downstream area. Moreover, inappropriate waste water disposal can have serious effects on local fresh water resources. In order to balance industrial development and environmental protection, the conflict among the Alberta government, oil sands companies, and non-governmental organizations are analyzed, and insights and reasonable suggestions are provided.

215
Connectivity and energy-aware clustering approach for wireless sensor networks
The wireless sensor network consists of large sensor nodes which are employed in a sensing environment. The sensor node with properties including small size, low cost and low power consumption is activated by batteries with limited electricity. Accordingly, it has become a critical issue to extend a network's lifetime by effectively manipulating limited energy. For fewer isolated nodes, the change of a node's connectivity should be considered apart from energy, that is, the node with high connectivity and energy is selected as the cluster head for moderating disadvantage of isolated nodes. In a large-scale sensor network, the clustering technique is one method for energy efficiency by reducing a single node's loading during data transmission. In this study, we refer to a node's connectivity and energy and provide a cluster-based method for reduction of energy consumed by sensor nodes with clusters' field size dynamically adjusted in a changed network environment. As indicated in experimental results, our method improves a conventional wireless sensor network, for example, energy saving of nodes and extension of a network's running time.

216
Constrained Dynamic Differential Evolution using a novel hybrid constraint handling technique
In this paper, a Constrained Dynamic Differential Evolution (CDDE) algorithm is proposed to solve constrained optimization problems. In CDDE, the crossover rate CR and scale factor F are dynamically changed and selected randomly from the range [0.5,1]. This way, CDDE has degrees of exploration abilities for the landscape of the constrained optimization problems and can be able to discover the search space and reach the feasible regions. Also, a novel hybrid simple constraint handling technique is suggested, which combines two well-known techniques: feasible rules and adaptive penalty function. Near convergence, CDDE uses the Sequential quadratic programming (SQP) method to enhance its local search ability. CDDE performance has been tested on the constrained benchmark functions of the CEC 2010 competition. The results demonstrate that CDDE outperforms other state-of-the-art algorithms and consistently reaches feasible solutions.

217
Constrained optimization using the chaotic sequential quadratic approximation type Lagrange quasi-Newton method
This study proposes a new global constrained optimization method for nonlinear constrained optimization problems that utilises the chaotic search trajectory generated by using the sequential quadratic approximation type Lagrange quasi-Newton search model, which is equivalent to the Lagrange quasi-Newton dynamics. Specifically, the chaotic search trajectory that can be utilized for the global search is generated through destabilization of the search trajectory of the sequential quadratic approximation type Lagrange quasi-Newton model based on the scenario similar to the scenario appearing in the chaotic optimization method for the unconstrained optimization problem. Then, a multi-point type search method in which the chaotic search trajectory is utilized is proposed. The effectiveness of the proposed method is confirmed through applications to several benchmark problems.

218
Context awareness by unit-type evolutionary Petri net for team medical care support
The authors propose evolutionary Petri net consisting of units in order to obtain a structural model of team medical care automatically. The number of medical staffs is not sufficient in aged societies, so the work efficiency must be improved. The authors conceive that a Petri net can be used to express cooperative operation; therefore, the structure of a Petri net might assist in understanding the whole team medical care in hospitals and facilities. Evolutionary Petri net is a method to create the best structure of a Petri net that expresses a target workflow well and evolves the genes of individuals correspond to Petri nets. In the previous work, the authors represented each gene as a combination of nodes. However, the representation frequently generated worthless individuals that do not have a Petri net structure. In this work, the authors represent each gene as a combination of units that consist of two types of nodes. Additionally, the authors propose a new method to separately calculate the fitness value on the Petri net structure and that on the unit structures. The authors verified that the total fitness value of the best individual quickly reached the best value by applying genetic operators along with the balance of the two fitness values.

219
Context-based trajectory descriptor for human activity profiling
The increasing demand for human activity analysis on surveillance scenarios has been provoking the emerging of new features and concepts that could help to identify the activities of interest. In this paper, we present a context-based descriptor to identify individual profiles. It accounts with a multi-scale histogram representation of position-based and attention-based features that follow a key-point trajectory sampling. The notion of profile is expressed by a new semantic concept introduced as an adjective for action recognition. We also identify a very rich dataset, in terms of intensity and variability of human activity, and extended it by manual annotation to validate the introduced concept of profile and test the descriptor's discriminative power. High rates of recognition were achieved.

220
Contextual data entry system design in the healthcare domain
To create an adapted and effective data entry system, we need to answer to a number of questions. Who is the system user? What tasks can be completed with the system? Where is the system used? What are the tools that can help the user during data entry? The answers to these questions represent the data entry context and the needs of the user. This paper concerns data entry assistance for data coding in the healthcare domain. We propose a contextual data entry system dedicated to healthcare professionals. The name of our system is Hermes. The aim of Hermes is to manage a set of data entry tools. A data entry tool is selected according to the context of the user's data entry. Finally, we test the performance of our system by simulating scenarios. The results are presented and discussed in this paper.

221
Control of swarms with multiple leader agents
The study of human control of robotic swarms involves designing interfaces and algorithms for allowing a human operator to influence a swarm of robots. One of the main difficulties, however, is determining how to most effectively influence the swarm after it has been deployed. Past work has focused on influencing the swarm via statically selected leaders-swarm members that the operator directly controls. This paper investigates the use of a small subset of the swarm as leaders that are dynamically selected during the scenario execution and are directly controlled by the human operator to guide the rest of the swarm, which is operating under a flocking-style algorithm. The goal of the operator in this study is to move the swarm to goal regions that arise dynamically in the environment.We experimentally investigated three different aspects of dynamic leader-based swarm control and their interactions: leader density (in terms of guaranteed hops to a leader), sensing error, and method of information propagation from leaders to the rest of the swarm. Our results show that, while there was a large drop in the number of goals reached when moving from a 1-hop to a 2-hop guarantee, the difference between a 2-hop, 3-hop, and 4-hop guarantee was not statistically significant. Furthermore, we found that sensing error impacted the explicit information-propagation method more than the tacit method conditions, and caused participants more trouble the lower the density of leaders, although the explicit method performed better overall.

222
Controlling a service robot in a smart home with behavior planning and learning
The role of a service robot in a smart home can be considered as one of service providers. One difference is that this service provider can provide different services by its own and can also collaborate with others to provide different versions of services. Previous research in service provision concentrates what service devices can be integrated to introduce a new service. However, a service robot's presence can bring a new challenge to service provision. A smart home system is proposed in this paper by integrating techniques in ontology, reasoning, and planning. A user request is processed by the system to produce tasks that needs to be satisfied. A service robot performs a sequence of operations planned by hierarchical task network (HTN) planning. The use of ontology provides the definition of the context and situation in a smart home with machine-interpretable formats that will be recorded and reused. In addition, the preferences of individual users can also be recorded as personal ontology. Reasoning through case-based reasoning (CBR) determines the behaviors that a user engages in while interacting with smart homes and it also provides a learning mechanism for the interaction between the users and the smart home system.

223
Converging Natural User Interfaces guidelines and the design of applications for older adults
The world population is becoming older. Consequently, there is a significant increase in the number of computer users with more than 60 years old. At the same time, technological advances have allowed the emergence of a new type of interface, which uses non-conventional devices - the Natural User Interfaces. This work presents a set of guidelines for building Natural User Interfaces and their adherence to guidelines provided to build applications aimed to older adults. To evaluate the suitability of these guidelines, two case studies were created and used to perform an usability evaluation with senior users.

224
Coordination dynamics: Bidirectional coupling between humans, machines and brains
We describe the Human Dynamic Clamp or virtual partner interaction paradigm-itself inspired by cellular neuroscience-which allows humans to interact in real time with avatars driven by empirically verified models of biological coordination such as the HKB and Jirsa-Kelso Excitator models of rhythmic and discrete movement behavior. The Human Dynamic Clamp allows one to explore the parameter spaces of interactional dynamics in a variety of different contexts as well as to produce some surprising emergent effects, including the possibility of relating 1st and 3rd person descriptions and their neural correlates.

225
Correcting abnormalities in meteorological data by machine learning
Meteorological data collected from automatic weather stations have played an important role in forecasting and analyzing a large variety of phenomena. However, abnormal values are abundant in meteorological data due to manifold faults in observation systems. In this paper, we attempt to recover abnormal values. We present three estimation models based on machine learning techniques and compare them with traditional estimation methods, interpolations. Unlike the interpolation methods, which use only the target attribute, the proposed models utilize the additional information consisting of the associated attributes of the target station and the relevant data of the neighbor weather stations. Experiments were conducted for 692 locations in South Korea from 2007 to 2012. The results showed that the proposed approaches estimated target values better than the interpolation methods for all weather elements except one and the additional information helped achieve better performance.

226
Craniofacial reconstruction based on least square support vector regression
Craniofacial reconstruction is to get a visual outlook of an individual from its skull. It is an important technology in both forensic medicine and archeology. This paper proposes a novel craniofacial reconstruction method based on least square support vector regression (LSSVR), which has the flexibility for uncovering nonlinear relationships between variables and is easy to solve. We firstly build statistical shape models for skulls and face skins respectively, and then train the LSSVR model in the shape parameter spaces. Given an unknown skull, we project it to the skull shape parameter space, and use the LSSVR model to reconstruct the corresponding face skin. Cross validation is used for parameter selection in LSSVR. Experiments are given on a data set including 150 training pairs of skull and skin samples and 58 testing ones. Comparisons with ridge regression and partial least square regression show that our method can reconstruct the craniofacial effectively and accurately.

227
Cross-entropy Histogram Equalization
This paper introduces a novel cross-entropy Histogram Equalization method. The new algorithm is based on separating the density spectrum of an image and then minimizing the so-called Cross-Entropy between the brightness and darkness components. Cross-entropy is used to measure the information-theoretic distance between the image's brightness and darkness. Experimental results show that the cross-entropy histogram equalization method has better performance than Bi-histogram equalization and its modified weighted form.

228
Cross-scene learning: Improving classification performance by using “gray sample”
Most object classification models considered in image only exist positive samples and negative samples. In this paper, another type of sample exists, named “gray sample”, which belongs to neither positive samples nor negative samples, contains knowledge in other domains or scenes. The degree of “gray” is defined by semantic similarity between annotations and scenes. While the local descriptors represent one object by visual feature, and the annotations are semantic description of this object. One class of objects has exclusive concept and different descriptions in different scenes, “gray samples” is belong to one concept, but exist in other scenes by different manifestation. Only the similar scenes have commonality, which is a bridge connect knowledge in different scenes. To achieve goal of cross-scene learning and using “gray sample”, the similar degree of scenes is needed to be conducted, by computing the co-occurrence probability of annotations. In our model, following the bags-of-features (BoF) approach, a plenty of local descriptors are extracted from the annotation areas of images, the visual words are got through clustering those descriptors, and the proposed model is built upon the visual words. Using EM algorithm, construct model under different thresholds of correlation degree, and classify objects. The thresholds are important in decision whether the “gray samples” are suitable for training data, and key factor in classification performance. The experiments of object classification based on LabelMe dataset, the proposed model exhibits superior performances compared to the other existing methods.

229
Cultural dimension in emotion recognition for human machine interaction
Human emotion recognition is a multidimensional task. In this paper we study the effect of the cultural dimension in emotion recognition models and their use in human computer interaction. We prepared two experiments to analyze the consequences of disregarding culture in emotion recognition models. The results show that failing to consider the user's culture while applying emotion recognition techniques in interaction scenarios decreases the system's performance, making the emotional input meaningless and detrimental to the system and interaction.

230
Curiosity-based topological reinforcement learning
Recent works involved in enhancing the learning convergence of reinforcement learning (RL) in mobile robot navigation have investigated methods to obtain knowledge from efficiently exploring the robot's environment. In RL, this knowledge is highly desirable to reduce the high number of interactions required for updating the value function and to eventually find an optimal or suboptimal policy for the agent. In this work, we propose a curiosity-based topological RL (CBT-RL) algorithm that makes use of the topological relationships among the observed states of the environment in which the agent acts. This algorithm builds an incremental topological map of the environment using Instantaneous Topological Map (ITM) model, which we use for facilitating value function updates as well as providing a guided exploration. We evaluate our algorithm against the original Q-Learning and Influence Zone algorithms in static and dynamic environments.

231
Cybathlon 2016
The Cybathlon is a championship for racing pilots with disabilities (i.e., parathletes) who are using advanced assistive devices including robotic technologies. The competitions are comprised by different disciplines that apply the most modern powered devices such as prostheses, wearable exoskeletons, wheelchairs, functional electrical stimulation as well as novel brain-computer interfaces. The main goal of the Cybathlon is to provide a platform for the development of novel assistive technologies that are useful for daily life. Through the organization of the Cybathlon we want to help removing barriers between the public, people with disabilities and science. The first Cybathlon will take place on October 8, 2016. Thereafter, the Cybathlon will be held periodically every 2 to 4 years.

232
Data-mining approach to support layout configuration decision-making in Evolvable Production Systems
Computational and communication capabilities are increasingly being used in all devices. In the production context this leads to the generation of massive amounts of data that are rarely proficuously used. More particularly the application of data-mining techniques to infer knowledge from systems' operation to improve its design decisions remains fairly unexplored. This article presents an approach to extract system design and configuration rules from Evolvable Production Systems. Furthermore it provides the empirical results from two test-cases that support the hypothesis that a simulation-data-mining approach can help reducing the complexity of the work carried by system designers and production managers.

233
Decentralized reactive adjustment of agent teamwork organization to changing environment
An agent team with differentiated skill profiles of individual members, that performs a task in a dynamic environment which exhibits significant unpredictable changes, may need to adjust its work organization in order to maintain satisfactory performance. The uncertainty of long-term effects of such modifications favors reactive, incremental, and decentralized approaches. This paper explores the idea that such approaches should be based on flexible, dynamic combinations of complementary adjustment strategies. We investigate the effects of several strategies and their combinations on the performance of teamwork in a microworld setting. The strategies are represented by simple abstract models, whose impacts on team performance are studied experimentally using the Agent Interaction Model Simulator (AIMS) framework. The specific strategies include: independent replanning of individual subtasks; direct mutual help among teammates; and bilateral swapping of subtasks in progress among the team members. The results demonstrate that some of the component strategies are more adaptable and valuable than others, but that a well-formed combination regularly outperforms any single method. We also identify and discuss the challenges arising in the design and implementation of combined interaction protocols, formulate an improved version of the Requester-Initiated Action Mutual Assistance Protocol (RIAMAP), and introduce an interaction protocol for subtask swapping.

234
Decision of braking intensity during simulated driving based on analysis of neural correlates
Recently neurophysiological studies have been concerned with using brain signals for driving assistance technologies. These studies verified that neurophysiological characteristics could be used for detection of emergency situations during simulated driving. However, it is hard to develop the braking assistant system which could control the vehicle continuously using this approach. In this article, the method for decoding of driver's braking intention based on analysis of neural correlates is proposed to control the braking of vehicle continuously. The participants' braking intention is decoded by kernel ridge regression (KRR) model to overcome the limitation of classification approach. In addition, the combination of three different features is employed to enhance the decoding performance. The decoding performances are evaluated by the correlation coefficient (r-value) and the normalized root-mean square error (NRMSE).

235
Decision support software for Anti-Submarine warfare mission planning within a dynamic environmental context
Anti-Submarine Warfare (ASW) involves effective allocation and path planning of ASW platforms to search for, detect, classify, track and prosecute hostile submarines within an evolving environment. As the environmental context evolves rapidly, continuously collected Meteorological and Oceanographic (METOC) data is used for assessing the impact of the current and forecasted environment on individual sensors and weapon platforms, as well as on tactics in the form of performance surfaces, which is presented to the commanders in making go/no-go decisions. However, due to the overwhelming amount of METOC information, it is very challenging for the commanders to interpret and analyze the data for generating plans or evaluating courses of action in a timely manner. In this paper, motivated by the need to assist ASW commanders in making proactive decisions in an evolving environmental context, we present a decision support tool for modeling and incorporating the appropriate METOC information from multiple sources and further utilizing it to determine the search regions and optimal trajectories to search for and track the enemy submarines in a timely manner.

236
Decison model to deal with participatory environmental problems
The aim of this paper is to propose a model to assist decision-making by fostering a more cooperative and democratic environment. For this, we used the Strategic Options Development and Analysis (SODA) in the structuring phase and the Copeland method in the evaluating phase, using a decision electronic system. We hope that by applying this method a more a participatory and democratic approach to decision-making can be engaged on.

237
Decoding knee angles from EEG signals for different walking speeds
Recent studies have hypothesized that the motor cortex is particularly active during specific phases of gait cycle. It has been found that cortical coherence appearance differs in time depending on walking speed. In this work, we analyze the influence of walking speed by decoding knee angles from low frequency EEG components. Linear regression models are applied to show significant correlations between actual and decoded angles while different walking speeds are performed. Additionally, a comparison between walking speeds suggests that the decoding correlation increases with lower speeds.

238
Delegation for authority and autonomy: An assignment and coordination model
In systems that support dynamic allocation of work across human and autonomous agents, mechanisms for the delegation of authority are required. A case study inspired by the Überlingen mid-air collision is presented demonstrating an instantiation of a delegation assignment and coordination model. The scenario includes multiple delegation assignments issued from two sets of delegating agents to the same set of adopting agents. For one aircraft, two delegation assignments are made: a clearance from an air traffic controller and an opposing resolution from flightdeck traffic collision alerting automation. For the other aircraft, one delegation assignment is made (a resolution from flightdeck traffic collision alerting automation that is coordinated with the other traffic's automation and that makes the effect of the air traffic control clearance hazardous). The example demonstrates how the agents involved in Überlingen assigned and accepted multiple, coupled delegations and highlights issues arising from available information and the timing of assignments that may interfere with adherence to coordination procedures. This example indicates the need to extend methods for modeling of delegation assignment and coordination in order to inform the design of autonomous agents, associated procedures, and decision support.

239
Demonstration of force feedback control on the Modular Prosthetic Limb
The Johns Hopkins University Applied Physics Laboratory (APL) led the development of the Modular Prosthetic Limb (MPL), an advanced upper-extremity prosthetic limb, under the DARPA Revolutionizing Prosthetics program. In addition to its use as an advanced prosthetic, APL is also exploring more advanced autonomy including closed-loop force feedback control with the MPL. This short paper provides an overview of the MPL system and summarizes two demonstrations performed at APL using fingertip force sensors to perform autonomous writing and fingertip grasping.

240
Density-based adaptive spatial clustering algorithm for identifying local high-density areas in georeferenced documents
An emerging topic in social media is the increase in the number of geo-annotated documents, which include not only posted time but also posted location. Social media users have been transmitting information about things they witnessed themselves in their daily life through such geo-annotated (georeferenced) documents. Georeferenced documents are usually related to not only personal topics but also local topics and events. Therefore, identifying high-density areas associated with local “attractive” topics in georeferenced documents is one of the most important challenges in many application domains. In this study, we propose a novel density-based spatial clustering algorithm called the (ε,σ)- density-based adaptive spatial clustering algorithm for identifying high-density areas in which geo-related local topics in georeferenced documents are located. The (ε,σ)-density-based adaptive spatial clustering algorithm can identify local high-density areas by using adaptive spatial clustering criteria.

241
Dependability evaluation of a mhealth system using a mobile cloud infrastructure
The use of mobile cloud computing infrastructure can be used to improve the delivery of health services. This paper proposes a high-level model that characterizes the behavior of an mHealth system. The main objective of this work is to identify the probability of a message being delivered at a time t, whereas several components involved may fail. Various scenarios were analysed considering different possibilities for communications, battery discharge rates and timeouts. The results show that, in the best case, a message may be delivered in 1.3 minutes with a 0.9999 probability, but in the worst case may take up to 8.8 minutes.

242
Dependability evaluation of cloud infrastructures
Cloud computing is a model that resources such as storage, applications and networking infrastructures can be offered as services over the internet. Cloud applications are becoming ever larger and more complex with high availability requirement. This paper presents a modeling strategy based on a hierarchical and heterogeneous modeling for planning of cloud infrastructures. The modeling strategy allows the selection of cloud infrastructures according to dependability and cost requirements. A case study based on virtual learning environments hosted on Eucalyptus platform is adopted to demonstrate the feasibility of the proposed modeling strategy.

243
Dependability models for Eucalyptus infrastructure clouds considering VM life-cycle
Managing a cloud computing provider is a difficult task, which involves the control and maintenance of several components, such as computers, network infrastructures and software components. In these environments, availability, security and low costs are important requirements to achieve high quality of service. Therefore, the evaluation of these systems is important to find a configuration that meets the constraints of users and provider. A widely adopted strategy to evaluate cloud computing systems consists by the utilization of stochastic models (e.g., stochastic Petri nets - SPN) to assess the concern metrics. In this context, Eucalyptus is an open source private cloud software for building private and hybrid clouds. This work presents dependability models for evaluation on Eucalyptus clouds. These models focus on the user point of view metrics (e.g., number of running virtual machines) to assess the dependability metrics. In order to demonstrate the feasibility of the proposed models, we evaluate a real world environment and validate the presented models by using Eucabomber tool version 2.0.

244
Depth map building based on pixel number variation and SURF
This paper presents a method for depth measurement based on Speeded Up Robust Features (SURF) and pixel number variation of CCD Images. A single camera is used to capture two images in different photographing distances, where features in the images are extracted and matched by SURF. To remove false matching points, an Identifying point correspondences by Correspondence Function (ICF) method is adopted to automatically select suitable reference points required for the pixel number variation method. Based on the displacement of the camera at two photographing distances, difference in pixel count between feature points of the objects in the images can be used to determine the photographing distance of the target objects for constructing the depth map by linear interpolation.

245
Design a co-simulation platform for power system and communication network
With the rapidly development of smart grid, communication network will play more and more fundamental role in many smart grid applications and services. The interaction between power system and communication network will appear almost everywhere in the new services of smart grid, the investigation of mixture system combined power system and communication network reveals the mutual influence of each other, and will give accuracy and quantitative data for the planning of the future smart grid. This paper presents a novel cosimulation platform combined power system and communication network to meet the decision-making need in smart grid environment. The platform connects power system simulator and communication system simulator together via a middleware with interfaces, a synchronization method is proposed for the correct time and sequence of data exchange, a time step adjustment algorithm is proposed as well to balance the requirement of accuracy and efficiency.

246
Design and evaluation of an interactive tabletop application for university open house
Designing multiuser tabletop applications requires careful consideration. Conflicts and misunderstandings among users of tabletop applications have been observed in field studies. This paper discusses the design and evaluation of a multiuser tabletop application for university open house. The user study focused on the learnability, usability, and support for multiuser access. Findings from the study showed that participants were able to learn and use the application easily, found the interface layout appropriate for multiuser access, and felt comfortable using the application with other users. Design features that contribute to these results include the use of familiar widgets and touch gestures, consistency of information organization and presentation, replicated sets of menus, and limited space allocation for each user. Our analysis and discussion can assist developers in designing walk-up-and-use tabletop applications that are intuitive, easy to learn, and suitable for parallel use.

247
Design and experimental study of a shared-controlled omnidirectional mobile platform
It is usually difficult to remote control of a mobile robot using only an onboard camera. The robot can easily bump into an obstacle due to limited view angle of the on-site scene. This paper presents a shared-control design for effective remote control of an omnidirectional mobile platform. The platform is able to move in any direction without changing robot's heading, and a stable camera view is available for remote control. A user interface is designed for a smart phone/tablet to remote control the robot using a touch panel. The proposed controller determines the human and robot interactive gains by computing user's confidence factor. In this approach, the robot assists a user to manipulate its motion from a remote site by compensating local insufficiency of human remote control. Practical experiments validate the proposed design and demonstrate that the proposed shared-control approach of an omnidirectional platform can have potential use for future home service tasks.

248
Design and implementation of semi-dynamic multi-channel transceiver in WSNs
The proactive healthcare systems with wireless sensor network (WSN) technology have been one of the most active research topics in the past few years. For sensing and reporting data asynchronously, the low data rate of Zigbee transmission could be satisfied. On the other hand, for real time multimedia streaming, the multi-channel communication could be an effective technology to alleviate contention as well as interference and consequently improve the transmission throughput. In this paper, we will design and implement the semi-dynamic multi-channel transceivers for voice communication over WSNs. To prevent the possible packet loss due to the common channel interference, it is important to appropriately design and arrange the channel scheduling and switching as well as packet transmission in Zigbee communications. The implemented testbed performance, such as delay, packet loss and voice quality of service (QoS) will be evaluated using multi-channel communications.

249
Design and validation of a centimeter-scale robot collective
Though many advances have been made in the field of multi-agent robotic swarms, most results are limited to computer simulations instead of actual implantation to a robotic system. A primary factor limiting the development, testing, and validation of decentralized algorithms for large-scale multi-robot teams is the high cost of the available systems. A low budget but highly flexible platform could create a foundation that would allow researchers to evaluate their control algorithms under real world constraints. This paper presents Spider-Bots, a low cost and versatile platform for testing and validating control algorithms for multi-robot swarms. The system is consisted of centimeter-scale mobile robots that can communicate wirelessly and interact with their environment, along with simple and easy to use software libraries. Once completed, the platform was validated by executing three distinct algorithms: Waypoint navigation, object manipulation, and collision avoidance.

250
Design of a state machine towards efficient management of user-generated data
Social media facilitates the process of information sharing, and meanwhile, prompts the generation of a considerable amount of data. Although the data, or user-generated contents, enrich the results for the process of information seeking, it causes the complexity to identify the value of data. Thus, an approach that achieves efficient management of user-generated data was proposed. It especially concentrates on the correlations among data and interactions with users. A state machine is designed to identify the user-generated data, and corresponding usage scenarios. The performance and feasibility can be revealed by the experiments sourced by the data collected from open social networks.

251
Design of adaptive Takagi-Sugeno-Kang fuzzy estimators for induction motor direct torque control systems
By referencing the adaptive stator flux estimator (ASFE) framework in the model reference adaptive system (MRAS), this study designed an adaptive rotor speed estimator and a stator resistance estimator, and applied the Takagi-Sugeno-Kang (TSK) fuzzy system and projection algorithms to the estimators to establish an induction motor direct torque controlled system without a speed sensor and possessing stator resistance adjustment abilities. In addition, the adaptive TSK fuzzy controller (ATSKFC) was adopted as the speed controller of the system, and was capable of online learning. The transient response was improved by the integration of a refined compensation controller. Induction motor controlled drive system was implemented in this study by using direct torque control (DTC) technology, which had the advantages of a rapid dynamic response, simple system structure, and low computational complexity. In addition, the application of the voltage space vector pulse width modulation (VSVPWM) technique reduced the torque ripples and noise, which are common in a traditional DTC system. The simulation and experimental results demonstrated that, with the proposed adaptive TSK fuzzy rotor speed estimator (ATSKFRSE), adaptive TSK fuzzy stator resistance estimator (ATSKFSRE), and an ATSKFC implanted into the induction motor DTC system, the system provided an excellent speed dynamic response and was able to estimate the rotor speed and stator resistance accurately at an 8-Nm load torque and a wide speed range of 36-2000 rpm.

252
Designing a reconfigurable biopotential amplifiers for medical instrumentation course
This paper proposes a reconfigurable biopotential amplifier for a medical instrumentation course in the department of electrical engineering. With the reconfigurable biopotential amplifier, the students are able to measure their biopotential signals such as electromyography, electrocardiography and electrooculography in the class. In addition, reconfigurations of the circuit board can be achieved by forming different combinations of the circuit modules to investigate the effects of employing the amplifiers and filters, as well as to practice the topics of various biopotential signal sources in terms of adjusting the configurations of the circuit board. At the same time, variable resistors are further used to adjust the amplifier gains and frequency conditions. Moreover, a microcontroller is provided for converting the analog signals to digital forms so that the biopotential signals can be displayed and recorded with a computer program. Therefore, the reconfigurable biopotential amplifier is a low cost and compact educational tool. The students can practice this module only with a personal computer which connects a USB node to provide the DC power and serial data communication. In addition to the improvement on the learning achievements for the biopotential signal measurement experiments within the lecture topics in the medical instrumentation course, the reconfigurable biopotential amplifier also benefits the hands-on skills of students for designing the amplifiers and filters in medical instrumentations.

253
Designing array-based CMOS logic gates by using a feedback control system
This paper introduces an expedient method for designing nano-scaled CMOS logic gates based on minimum-sized transistor arrays. NAND and NOR with fanins of 2 and 3 have been used to demonstrate the time-efficacy of the method based on a feedback control technique. The gates designed using the proposed scheme show improvement in terms of performance as well of power/energy consumption.

254
Designing big data driven cyber physical systems based on AADL
Big data driven cyber physical systems make use of large amounts of data to determine their operation. Data is clearly crucial to the correct operation of these big data driven cyber physical systems. Examples include aerospace systems, air traffic control systems, railway signaling systems, intelligent transportation and battlefield management systems. When big data driven cyber physical systems are used within safety-related applications, the safety of the overall systems is determined by the properties of all its constituent parts. The correctness of the data is also essential if the system is going to achieve overall safety. Therefore, one of the key challenges is providing the specification and modeling methods for data services for big data driven cyber physical systems. Big data driven cyber physical systems have to deal with large amounts of data in a timely, secure fashion. In this paper, we propose a big data driven cyber physical system design method based on AADL, which can specify and model the requirements of big data driven cyber physical systems, implement these requirements on big data platforms. The main advantages of the proposed approach are its capacity to take into account big data properties and cyber physical system properties through specialized concepts in rigorous, easy and expressive manner. The proposed approach is illustrated by a case study of specifying and modeling aviation cyber physical systems.

255
Designing robot-assisted Pivotal Response Training in game activity for children with autism
Robot assisted therapy for patients with autism is promising, but there is a need for well designed studies that combine expert knowledge from the field of robotics and autism. Here, an iterative, participatory design process of robot assisted Pivotal Response Training (PRT) for autism therapy is presented. The scenarios for the robot assisted PRT intervention were created using a scenario based design approach through intensive collaboration between robot engineer and therapist. The developed scenarios were then represented in a hierarchical model using Activity Theory. Based on that model, the PRT intervention was implemented by the end-user programming software and evaluated with a child with autism. The scenario based design and the use of Activity Theory framework considerably speeded up the scenario creation process and the redesign time needed between the pilots compared to our previous experiments.

256
Detection methods for a low-cost accelerometer-based approach for driver drowsiness detection
Thousands of accidents and fatalities occur each year due to drowsy and fatigued drivers who choose to operate motor vehicles despite their reduced level of alertness. Actively monitoring Steering Wheel Movements (SWM) has been an important and well documented method for the detection of drowsy driving. Despite the efficacy of the SWM method, it has yet to be widely deployed widely on motor vehicles as a practical means for individual early detection due to the cost prohibitive nature of current methods as well as complexity of installation and implementation. Due to these limitations, potentially lifesaving methods based on SWM monitoring have not been widely implemented. This paper assesses the efficacy of a proposed low-cost accelerometer-based method of SWM monitoring by extracting various SWM parameters and using the extracted data to train machine learning algorithms. Experimental results suggest that the use of adequately trained Support Vector Machines with Accelerometer-based SWM can be a valuable tool in the detection of drowsy driving and the reduction in death and injuries.

257
Deteriorating and position-based learning effects on some single-machine scheduling problems
Integrates learning effects with different position-dependent learning impact factors and deteriorating effects, a general model is developed in this paper. We prove that the single-machine scheduling problems with the developed model are optimally solvable in polynomial time for optimizing makespan, total completion time and the sum of (square) completion times. Those to minimize the total weighted completion time and the maximum lateness are proved to be optimally solvable in polynomial time only for certain assumptions. Optimal solutions are demonstrated by an example for the considered problems using the constructed optimal rules.

258
Developing 3D human-computer interfaces and serious games for health education in the Brazilian countryside using participatory design and popular education
The basic health care level in Brazil's Unified Health System consists of a community-based attention model composed by small teams of health professionals dedicated to deal with low-complexity problems. Despite the social and economic advances experimented in the last two decades, social inequalities still persist in Brazilian countryside. However, smartphones and tablets are becoming more widespread among rural population. According to Popular Education, teaching-learning processes are specially put forward when educators assume the role of facilitators, taking into account the prior knowledge of learners, their cultural and historical background, and the real problems in which they are immersed. Popular Education claims that the interaction between educators and educands should be mediated by affection, a dimension that can be easily reached by using games. Herein this work we discuss the use of Popular Education to promote Participatory Design in order to build Ilera-Ayie, a 3D virtual world to support serious games for food and nutritional education and health promotion, and a puzzle-based minigame inserted in this virtual world, focused on the communitary health agents and the young population of rural settlements at Brazil's northeastern countryside.

259
Development of a method for marine accident analysis with concepts of PRA
There are a lot of marine accidents caused by human factors. The experiment using bridge simulator is effective for analysis of the human factor. However, the analytical approach for the navigational behavior by the experiment with bridge simulator has not been established yet. The purpose of this paper is to propose an analytical approach by introducing concepts of Probabilistic Risk Assessment (PRA) and the experiment using bridge simulator that can find out the important factor to avoid marine accidents. As a result of experiments and the analysis, it is clearly important that the officers judged the necessary of the constant lookout for dangerous targets. Finding the important factor of avoiding marine accident, this analytical approach is effective.

260
Development of a test-bed for knowledge-intensive system architecture optimization
System Architecture [1] is the high-level design of a system, defining the main elements of function and form, the mapping between function and form, and the interfaces between elements of function and form, and between the system and the surrounding context. Several studies have highlighted the importance of system architecture [2], as it is a point in the design process of unique leverage: most of the lifecycle cost of a system is committed after the system architecture phase[3], and a similar argument can be made for performance. The author introduced the VASSAR framework for knowledge-intensive architecture optimization [4]. The VASSAR framework is essentially an architecture evaluation and optimization framework, which combines a rule-based engine for evaluation with several heuristic optimization strategies. The VASSAR framework has been applied to multiple large aerospace systems [5-7]. The performance of several domain-independent and domain-specific heuristics was also compared in some preliminary experiments [8].

261
Development of method to extend radio wave communication range under the sea
Since the radio wave is rapidly attenuated in the seawater, the radio wave communication has not been applied to the underwater communication. However, the radio wave communication in the seawater can be realized by placing a dielectric material as a propagation path between watertight cases which contain a transmitter and/or a receiver. This radio wave communication method in the seawater is proposed by authors. The proposed method is only used for a short distance communication because the attenuation of a dielectric material is still large compared with the air. In order to apply the proposed method to underwater systems, the extension of the communication distance is desired. The major factor of the attenuation is considered the radio wave propagation into seawater from the propagation path. It is known that the radio wave cannot penetrate a metal foil or a wire netting. Therefore, the attenuation of the radio wave can be decreased by covering the propagation path with the metal foil or the wire netting. In this paper, the communication property is analyzed how the communication range can be extended by covering the propagation path in the metal foil or the wire netting.

262
Development of optimal stimuli in a heterogeneous model of epileptic spike-wave oscillations
Neural simulation has been widely suggested as an alternative therapy for the treatment of medically-intractable seizures. Appropriate targeting of control stimuli at selected cortical locations may lead to seizure abatement. Neural population models describe the macroscopic neural activity that can be clinically recorded by an electroencephalogram (EEG). These models provide a safer way to develop and test the effect of such simulation strategies. In this study, a heterogeneously connected neural field model has been used which can replicate spatio-temporal patterns commonly observed in the EEG during generalized seizures. Seizure abatement has been formulated as an optimal control problem and the pseudospectral method has been used to develop stimuli with anti-ictogenic properties. The minimum energy optimal stimuli, developed in this study have been shown to abate seizures simulated from the model. It has been demonstrated that the control stimuli are spatially variant due to the underlying heterogeneity of the neural dynamics. This study provides a novel approach for designing optimal stimuli for seizure abatement while taking into account the heterogeneous dynamics of the human brain. It also raises the possibility of finding the appropriate set of cortical locations which may be stimulated to achieveP the anti-seizure effect.

263
Diesel engines diagnosis through analysis of lubricating oil
Expert systems can be applied to solve complex problems in different areas of knowledge. It have been used by specialists to help diagnose problems in areas such as medicine and engineering. More recently techniques from computational intelligence area, such as neural networks and fuzzy logic were used to build expert systems. These systems can learn from examples provided by problems solved in the past. The success of the expert system depends on how good the model is defined. This paper presents the modeling of an expert system used to classify the internal combustion diesel about the level of corrosion of its metal parts on a three-level scale. The system bases its decision on the results of used lubricating oil analysis. It uses a neuro-fuzzy model, called ANFIS, trained from past diagnoses performed by specialists. The paper discusses how important parameters of the system were defined, such as which variables obtained from the analysis of the oil should be used, the number of training epochs and the number of membership functions used to map the inputs.

264
Direct Inverse Control using an Artificial Neural Network for the Autonomous Hover of a Helicopter
This paper presents the initial results of a research project which investigates the application of the Direct Inverse Control technique to the problem of the Autonomous Hover of a quadrotor UAV Helicopter. The goal of the project is to investigate the effectiveness of the Direct Inverse Control technique using an Artificial Neural Network to learn and then cancel out the Hover dynamics of the quadrotor UAV Helicopter under various environmental conditions during a hover mode. The project is to evaluate how robust the control technique is to uncertainty and change in nonlinear dynamics.

265
Direct adaptive control via decomposed fuzzy Petri net
This paper presents a novel direct adaptive controller design via decomposed fuzzy Petri net to solve the control tracking problem. The controller combines decomposed fuzzy system (DFS) and Petri net to achieve good performance with less computation time. In the DFS structure, fuzzy variables are decomposed into several layers. DFS has been shown to have fast learning capability but with a complicated system structure. In this study, Petri net is employed to form a mechanism in constructing meaningful component fuzzy systems in the DFS so that the number of fuzzy components can be dramatically reduced without significantly degrading the modeling performance. Finally, the effectiveness of the proposed controller scheme is verified by simulation results.

266
Discrete and rhythmic movements — Just a bifurcation apart?
Whether discrete and rhythmic movements result from the same or from separate dynamical structures is yet unclear. We discuss a robust albeit computationally demanding approach to tackle this issue. Our approach capitalizes on conventional time-delay embedding techniques followed by fitting coefficients of a Kramers-Moyal expansion to the so-defined multivariate data. This procedure allows for identifying the generating dynamical systems on basis of possibly non-stationary and noisy signals. We apply this to data from recent experiments in which movement tempo was systematically modified to pinpoint spontaneous switches from discrete to rhythmic movement and back again. It appears that both movement archetypes live in the same phase space but in distinct dynamical regimes.

267
Disease-medicine topic model for prescription record mining
Analyzing patient records is important for improving the quality of medical services and for understanding each patient's historical diseases. However, the huge size of the data requires statistical analysis procedures. In this paper, we proposed a probabilistic model-the disease-medicine topic model (DMTM)-to explore connected knowledge about diseases and medicines. In the model, diseases and medicines are modeled using generative process. We used the latent Dirichlet allocation, which is one of the most popular topic models, as the baseline model. Then, we compared the qualities of topic representations quantitatively and qualitatively. The comparison results showed that the topics derived from the DMTM are clearer to identify and that specific patterns were found in the diseases and medicines. In the case of topic network analysis, these specific patterns were proved using centrality measurements.

268
Distributed manipulation using cyber-physical systems
The field of Large-Scale Actuator Networks (LSANs) is a class of cyber-physical systems that is growing rapidly. One key application of LSANs is distributed manipulation. Distributed manipulation has the potential to become a game-changing technology in the area of industrial automation. Examples of distributed manipulation include: vibrating plates, arrays of air jets, and mobile multi-robot teams. This paper explores a dynamic surface that changes its shape by using an autonomous array of linear actuators to transport an object to a reference location. This collective of actuators overcomes the limitations of each individual actuator, and results in a system multiple degrees of freedom. Experimental results illustrate the applicability of the platform.

269
Diversity improvement in Decomposition-Based Multi-Objective Evolutionary Algorithm for many-objective optimization problems
Decomposition-Based Multi-Objective Evolutionary Algorithms (DBMOEA), such as Multiple Single Objective Pareto Sampling (MSOPS) and Multiobjective Evolutionary Algorithm based on Decomposition (MOEA/D), have been successfully applied in finding Pareto-optimal fronts in Multiobjective Optimization Problems (MOPs), two or three-objective in general. DBMOEA decomposes one MOP into multiple Single-objective Optimization Problems (SOPs) where the convergence of approximated front is facilitated by finding the optimal solution of each SOP and its diversity is preserved by a group of well distributed SOPs. However, when solving problems with many objectives, one single solution can be the optimal solution of multiple SOPs which inadvertently leads to a severe loss of population diversity. In this paper, we propose a new diversity improvement method incorporated into a modified DBMOEA to directly handle this challenge. The design includes two steps. First, a few number of weight vectors guide the whole population towards a small number of solutions nearby the true Pareto front. Afterwards, initialize a subpopulation around each solution and diversify them toward well distribution. As a case study, a new algorithm based on this design is compared with three state-of-the-art DBMOEAs, MOEA/D, MSOPS, and MO-NSGA-II. Experimental results show that the proposed methods exhibit better performance in both convergence and diversity than the chosen competitors for solving many-objective optimization problems.

270
Driver adaptation to haptic shared control of the steering wheel
Although the benefits of haptic shared control of the steering wheel have been repeatedly demonstrated, longitudinal studies of how drivers adapt to this kind of system are still lacking. The present study addressed this question by comparing two groups of participants in a driving simulator for an extended time period; one group drove with a shared control system and the other drove without. After the practice, all participants drove a final trial with shared control during which a failure of the system occurred. The results show that the evolution of driving performance and the way in which drivers monitored their performance was similar for the two groups. This suggests that the drivers quickly updated their internal model of the steering system dynamics at the sensorimotor level, without further behavioural adaptation afterwards. However, it appears that the internal model was consolidated with repeated use of the system, which translated as a difficulty to compensate for the system's failure. In addition, it appears that drivers did not attempt to maintain a level of task difficulty when steering was facilitated.

271
Driver characterization & driver specific trajectory planning: an inverse optimal control approach
To achieve a high acceptance by drivers Advanced Driver Assistance Systems (ADAS) have to consider the individual driver behavior. For example an ADAS should not intervene in a situation where drivers purposely cross road markings in harmless situations. To address this issue, a driver behavior characterization can be used to predict a driver's future trajectory based on his past behavior. In this paper, we present a method for driver behavior classification based on an inverse dynamic optimal approach and show how it can be applied to predict driver specific trajectories. The presented algorithm consists of two phases. In the trainingphase, a description of the driver's behavior is established using a set of generic driver characteristics. Hereby, a specific driver is described by his individual weighting of the characteristics and additional parameters used in the characteristics. In the prediction-phase, the model is applied to a specific track predicting the driver's future behavior. The model is adaptable to different situations and modeling purposes. It is shown by simulations that the approach is suited to model drivers with different driving characteristics and that the driver parameters can be reliably identified from recorded trajectories.

272
Driver steering model based on globally optimal model predictive control
This paper presents a new driver model based on model predictive control (MPC). The proposed driver model is formulated according to four assumptions. The input of the driver model is generalized as a region of the road excluding obstacles. The proposed model has multiple objectives, consisting of reducing driving effort, and ensuring smoothness and safety margins, taking into account predicted future states. The steering wheel angle of the driver is calculated by evaluating whether the objectives have been achieved using the framework of MPC. Moreover, the evaluation is formulated to ensure that a global optimal solution is obtained. The proposed model explains simulation results on a slalom course and performance when passing through a narrow passage.

273
Driving simulator study on an emergency steering assist
This contribution is concerned with an emergency steering assist and its evaluation through subject testing in a driving simulator. In an emergency traffic situation where a rear end collision is imminent a swerving maneuver is often too difficult for most drivers. Therefore an assistance system is usefull that supports the driver by steering torque overlay. The paper presents the algorithm used for the assistance. The system was prototypically implemented in a driving simulator and testet with subjects to evaluate the benefits and challenges. The results show that the collision avoidance behaviour of the driver can be improved by the emergency steering assist.

274
Drug delivery system for general anesthesia: Where are we?
This paper provides an up-to-date review from the intersecting point of both clinical and engineering frameworks. The text interwoves available measures, models and control algorithms for general anesthesia. The three main parts of general anesthesia: neuromuscular blockade (NMB), hypnosis and analgesia are critically observed and perused from a global objective perspective. The outcome of this review is that quantifying and controlling depth of anesthesia is a challenging process and that current bottlenecks are singularly due to lack of direct measurement of analgesia during general anesthesia. Some ongoing efforts are recognized towards the development of a pain transmission model, possibly leading to the breakthrough required for analgesia sensor availability.

275
Dual Gaussian mixture model with pixel history for background suppression
Background suppression has found several application areas in computer vision. Among others, abandoned object detection and moving object detection under dynamic backgrounds are two major application areas. Gaussian mixture model (GMM) is one of the most popular methods and has been applied in both of these application areas. However, the aforementioned areas present contradicting challenges for GMM. Abandoned objects need the GMM to slowly get adapted to prevent accidental assimilation of the foreground, while dynamic backgrounds need quick assimilation to prevent noisy detection. A novel dual GMM based on pixel history is proposed to provide practical solutions to both of these contradictory challenges. The method uses separate GMMs to represent foreground and background modes. A foreground mode is transferred to the GMM representing the background based on its history of occurrence. Thus, a quick assimilation is offered to dynamic backgrounds while abandoned objects face a very slow assimilation. In each case, old background is preserved. Extensive experiments are done to demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed method and to compare it with a number of well known methods in literature.

276
Dual control theoretic driver assistance - Dynamic characteristics of steering torque control based on linear quadratic regulator
This paper proposes a driver assistance system with a dual control theoretic scheme, which tries to perform safety control of a vehicle as well as identification of the driver's cognitive state simultaneously. The dual control theoretic driver assistance algorithm uses steering torque control based on a linear quadratic regulator (LQR). A controller and mathematical models for the vehicle and steering system were built, where the steering torque control was applied to switching feedback gains in the LQR controller. This paper discusses the dynamic characteristics for steering torque control under constraints on the state and manipulated variables.

277
Duality of task- and discourse-based interaction design for GUI generation
In general, Interaction Design is considered important for achieving usable user interfaces, but in terms of specification languages for this purpose, there is not much agreement. In contrast, for more specific Interaction Design in the context of automated (G)UI generation, Task Models are the most widely used approach. The more recent Discourse-based approach in this context is much less widely understood. It focuses on the specification of (classes of) dialogues in contrast to tasks for modeling activities that can be performed by the user or the application (system). We identified a duality of Interaction Design according to these approaches to high-level modeling for GUI generation, which we explain and elaborate in this paper. In this course, we contrast the different models, which specify largely corresponding abstractions of Interaction Design, but from different views and with a different design philosophy. As a consequence, mutual understanding of these different modeling approaches should be improved. Based on this duality, suggestions for mutual improvements can be made, so that the tool-box of interaction designers wishing to have GUIs generated automatically from their models should become more general and flexible.

278
Dynamic trajectory planning for trailer backup
We consider the directed waypoint following problem for automated trailer backup. Waypoint following is achieved through the design of a hybrid planner, which is computationally efficient and robust to tracking errors. The planner requires feedback from a localized positioning system. Simulation results are generated using the vehicle dynamics simulator CarSim.

279
Dynamically regularized harmony learning of Gaussian mixtures
In this paper, a dynamically regularized harmony learning (DRHL) algorithm is proposed for Gaussian mixture learning with a favourite feature of both adaptive model selection and consistent parameter estimation. Specifically, under the framework of Bayesian Ying-Yang (BYY) harmony learning, we utilize the average Shannon entropy of the posterior probability per sample as a regularization term being controlled by a scale factor to the harmony function on Gaussian mixtures increasing from 0 to 1 dynamically. It is demonstrated by the experiments on both synthetic and real-world datasets that the DRHL algorithm can not only select the correct number of actual Gaussians in the dataset, but also obtain the maximum likelihood (ML) estimators of the parameters in the actual mixture. Moreover, the DRHL algorithm is scalable and can be implemented on a big dataset.

280
EEG correlates of active visual search during simulated driving: An exploratory study
Brain responses to visual stimuli can provide information about visual recognition processes. Several studies have shown stimulus-dependent modulation of the evoked neural responses after gaze shifts (i.e. eye fixation related potentials, EFRP) depending on the relevance of the fixated object. However these studies are typically performed on still images under constrained conditions. Here we extend this approach to study overt visual attention during a simulated driving task. Simultaneous analysis of eye-tracking and electroencephalography data revealed similar patterns than those previously reported. However, natural visual exploration yielded shorter fixations, which imposes constraints in the analysis of the elicited brain responses. Nevertheless, we found significant differences between EFRPs corresponding to target objects or non-object stimuli. These results suggest the possibility of decoding such information during driving, allowing better understanding of how drivers process the environmental information.

281
EEG headset supporting mobility impaired gamers with game accessibility
Although video games have become interesting entertainment tools for millions of people, gamers with mobility impairment face difficulties to be able to interact with games successfully because of impairment conditions. Even though developers working in the area of disbility provide special games, tools, and devices support interacting with video games, there is a lack of sufficient tools and devices that are compatible with certain motor impairment conditions. EEG-headset based brain computer interface system is alternative suggested tool which can support mobility gamers by using their brain activities, facial muscles, and eye movement to interact with games. This paper aims to examine and investigate the NIA controller's capability, which use EEG-headset, with two methods providing game accessibility. The first method reduces some keyboard switches and uses the NIA controller, and the other method eliminates the entire keyboard switches and uses only the NIA controller. The result shows that playing games with using the NIA controller and one- keyboard switch is done in successful and precise way. In contrast, playing games with using only the NIA controller could be done successfully but less precisely. Our conclusion is that the NIA controller could be combined with other accessible tools to improve the accessibility of games.

282
EEG-based emotion recognition based on kernel Fisher's discriminant analysis and spectral powers
In this paper, a feature extraction method called kernel Fisher's emotion pattern (KFEP) based on the kernel Fisher's discriminant analysis and spectral powers of multiple EEG rhythms is proposed for emotion recognition. An emotion-induction paradigm is designed for emotional EEG data collection, where a set of pictures selected from the International Affective Picture System (IAPS) are used as the emotion induction stimuli. Experimental results indicate that the KFEP feature performs better than the commonly used spectral power features. Our proposed KFEP achieves high classification accuracies of valence (78.49%) and arousal (81.93%).

283
EEG-based subject-dependent emotion recognition algorithm using fractal dimension
In this paper, a real-time Electroencephalogram (EEG)-based emotion recognition algorithm using Higuchi Fractal Dimension (FD) Spectrum is proposed. As EEG is a nonlinear and multi-fractal signal, its FD spectrum can give a better understanding of the nonlinear property of EEG. Three values are selected from the whole spectrum and are combined with the other features such as statistical and Higher Order Crossings ones. The Support Vector Machine is used as the classifier. The proposed algorithm is validated on both benchmark database DEAP with video stimuli and our own dataset which used visual stimuli to evoke emotions. Up to 8 emotions can be recognized with only 4 channels. The experiment analysis results show that using FD spectrum features it is possible to improve classification accuracy.

284
EM-EKF based visual SLAM for simple robot localization
This paper presents a novel SLAM method based on the filter that fuses EM algorithm in EKF. Due to the visual SLAM mostly depends on the sensor information that is hard to be obtained in high-level accuracy, the proposed filter is designed to deal with this problem since it can estimate the unknown parameter from the known information in every frame. Realtime experimental results also prove the advantages of SLAM method based on the proposed filter. Compared to the regular EKF, SLAM based on EM-EKF is suggested to have up to 60 percent improvement in the accuracy. It also shows the advantage in the convergence speed and the stability of the system.

285
Ecological interface design: Control space robustness in future trajectory-based Air Traffic control decision support
The current evolution of the Air Traffic Management system towards trajectory-based operations is foreseen to bring large changes to the work domain of the Air Traffic Controller. Although this new form of Air Traffic Control leans heavily on the introduction of advanced automation, the general consensus is that the human must remain actively involved in the decision-making loop, and retain the ultimate responsibility for the safety of operations. These responsibilities, together with the complexities of the new task, require the development of innovative decision support tools. In previous research, and following the principles of Ecological Interface Design, a constraint-based decision support tool has been developed for the task of strategic trajectory manipulation. Rather than presenting discrete optimized solutions to the controller, this Travel Space Representation visualizes the constraints for safe control in the form of a set of `go' and `no go' areas. A validation experiment demonstrated that when using this tool, controllers sometimes opted for controlling close to the boundaries of safe control, or for resolutions in narrow control spaces. These results gave rise to concern that such a representation could actually work against the flexibility of the system to cope with inherent system variability. In this study, a metric and two measures have been developed in order to quantify and compare trajectory-based robustness to probabilistic disturbances. A batch-analysis has been performed to investigate how these measures vary for a crossing pair of aircraft under various geometry. Results show that the metric captures additional information which is currently not represented in the tool. When visualized to the controller, this could support them to choose more robust control strategies.

286
Ecological interface design: Military C2 and computer network defense
Approximately 25 years ago the ecological interface design approach to developing decision making and problem solving support was formalized in the context of process control work domains. Here we review its sources of inspiration and its subsequent application to two alternative work domains: military command & control and computer network defense. The discussion is organized according to the analytical tools and principles of design that characterize the approach. A representative evaluation is summarized; these results illustrate the potential of this framework for improving overall human-machine system performance.

287
Economic evaluation of flexible IGCC plants with integrated membrane reactor modules
Integrated Gasification Combined Cycle with embedded membrane reactor modules (IGCC-MR) represents a new technology option for the co-production of electricity and pure hydrogen endowed with enhanced environmental performance capacity. It is an alternative to conventional coal-and gas-fired power generation technologies. As a new technology, the IGCC-MR power plant needs to be evaluated in the presence of irreducible regulatory and fuel market uncertainties for the potential deployment of an initial fleet of demonstration plants at the commercial scale. This paper presents the development of a systematic and comprehensive three-step methodological framework to assess the economic value of flexible alternatives in the design and operations of an IGCC-MR plant under the aforementioned sources of uncertainty. The main objective is to demonstrate the potential value enhancements stemming to the long-term economic performance of flexible IGCC-MR project investments, by managing the uncertainty associated with future environmental regulations and fuel costs. The paper provides an overview of promising design flexibility concepts for IGCC-MR power plants and focuses on operational and constructional flexibility. The operational flexibility is realized through the option of a temporary shutdown of the plant with considerations of regulatory and market uncertainties. This option reduces the probability of loss and the downside risk compared to the base case. The constructional flexibility considers installation of a Carbon Capture and Storage (CCS) unit in the plant under three different alternatives: 1) installing CCS in the initial construction phase, 2) retrofitting CCS at a later stage and 3) retrofitting CCS with pre-investment at a later stage. Monte Carlo simulations and financial analysis are used to demonstrate that the most economically advantageous flexibility option is to install CCS in the initial IGCC-MR construction phase.

288
Education and learning support system using proposed note-taking application
Recently, development and offering of digital textbooks, educational materials, and educational platforms have begun in the field of education. In addition, with the rapid penetration of networks and proliferation of powerful digital devices capable of editing, some note-taking applications such as Note Anytime and OneNote are released by each company. These applications can create attractive handwritten notes on tablets and smartphones through an intuitive interface. Furthermore, linked to the cloud storage service, they can allow multiple users to edit documents together and share information.

289
Effect of collaborative learning with robot that prompts constructive interaction
In this study, we sought to examine how the behavior of a robot can prompt collaborative learning with a human. We focus on constructive interaction that has been regarded as a foundation of collaborative learning and occurs when two learners alternately solve a question. For this, the robot is designed to alternately perform speaker and listener motions for constructive interaction with a human. With the speaker motion, the robot explains a solving method to the partner and solves a question. Moreover, the robot improves its accuracy rate as learning progresses. With the listener motion, the robot does not solve a question and instead pays attention to the partner who is solving the question. The robot learns while solving a question issued by a learning system with a human student. College students recruited as volunteers learned with learning system with the robot for one month and were videoed during that time to see how they learned. The results of examination suggest that the robot prompts learners to learn by constructive interaction in collaborative learning and possibly gains the same learning effect as collaborative learning between two humans.

290
Effect of touchscreen and input device softness on task performance and subjective evaluation
The purpose of this study was to investigate the relationships between the softness of two mobile touchscreens and three direct input devices on user's task performance and subjective evaluation for tapping tasks. In the within-subjects design, 44 participants were asked to perform tasks as quickly and accurately as possible across the six combinations. After completing tasks in each condition, they filled out a questionnaire to evaluate the perceived pleasantness and degree of elasticity. The result showed a main effect of different touchscreen types on the task performance and degree of elasticity while different input device types showed a main effect on all three dependent variables. An interaction effect of two independent variables on the degree of elasticity was found. Along with the result, the practical implications of these findings are also discussed.

291
Effect of transparency on decision making the case of Euphrates and tigris river water use
Transparency is an important factor in decision making because availability of information aids in clarity of thought. This paper focuses on information transparency and examines its impact on decision making through a case study of river water use in the Euphrates and the Tigris, Iraq. To conduct a detailed discussion on the role of transparency, other related concepts, namely uncertainty, indeterminacy, and instability in players' decisions, are defined in the framework of a game theoretical model, and the effects of them on the results of decision making are analyzed.

292
Effective and efficient photo quality assessment
Automatic photo quality assessment from the perspective of visual aesthetics is a hot research topic due to its potential need in numerous applications. It tries to automatically determine whether a given image has “high” or “low” quality according to the image's visual content. Most existing researches in photo quality assessment predominantly focus on exploring hand-crafted features which may be potentially related to high-level aesthetic attributes. Most of those features are designed under the guidance of some common photography rules and prior knowledge. However, due to the subjectivity and complexity of humans' aesthetic activities, automatic image aesthetic quality assessment is very challenging. Those features are not effective enough and show varying performance on different datasets. Besides, they often require high computational cost. In this paper, we propose a set of compact aesthetic features which are not only effective but also highly efficient. We test those features on two large scale real world image datasets. The experimental results demonstrate that the proposed features achieve the best performance consistently over different datasets with a much lower computational complexity.

293
Effective approaches to group role assignment with a flexible formation
Group role assignment with a flexible formation (GRAFF) is essential for group performance optimization in collaborative systems. In this paper, problems of GRAFF are formalized based on the Environment-Class, Agent, Role, Group, and Object (E-CARGO) model. Then, based on group role assignment (GRA) and linear programming (LP), two algorithms are proposed. Experiments are developed to analyze the performance of each proposed algorithm. Results indicate that the proposed algorithms are effective and the linear programming-based algorithm implemented with the IBM ILOG CPLEX package is the most efficient way to solve problems of GRAFF.

294
Effective sphere and setting of road network patterns by fractal analysis for ambulance movement
This study aimed to construct an evaluation technique by visualizing the effective sphere and setting of a road network by fractal dimension analysis to form the basis for road maintenance and improvement standards, and operating efficiency. As a criterion for protection of life, the initiation time of the treatment is considered an appraisal standard, and the numerical fractal value is shown to have a relationship with emergency medical transport.

295
Effects of transparency on the acceptance of automated resolution advisories
To lower the workload and increase the productivity of air traffic controllers in future scenarios, decision-support systems that functions on a higher level of control authority would be desired. However, increasing the control authority of automation asks for some important considerations in terms of design to ensure effective human-machine coordination. One of the factors that is hypothesized to affect human-machine collaboration, and one that is often overlooked in the design of such systems, is the solution transparency offered by the automated system. That is, when an automated system reveals some of its inner workings, it is expected to promote better system understanding and an increased acceptance of resolution advisories offered by that system. To this end, this paper investigates the effects of automation transparency on the acceptance of automated resolution advisories in conflict detection and resolution task for air traffic controllers. An exploratory experiment, featuring twelve aerospace students, was performed to study these effects. The results indicated that no main effects of transparency on acceptance were found, but also that there was a significant interaction effect between conflict geometry and transparency. For future research, an experiment is proposed with professional air traffic controllers and a larger sample size to increase the power of the statistics.

296
Efficiency evaluation method for product cooperative development based on grey incidence analysis and DEA
It is the inevitable trend to cooperate in contemporary competitive business environment, especially in product development. Naturally all the participants in the cooperation are concerned about their own benefit. Therefore this study uses efficiency to measure benefit for each participant. Besides, product performance is the first in the most product development and it is much related to quality characteristics, so quality characteristics are important, they should be considered when evaluating benefit for each participant. However, methodologies for deriving the relative efficiency of each participant in the cooperation when considering quality characteristics are absent. To solve this problem, data envelopment analysis (DEA) method in which three kinds of quality characteristics are considered is proposed. A new method is developed to determine a quality characteristic is a DEA input or output. Further, grey incidence degree is introduced into the DEA model, considering the situation that inputs and outputs (quality characteristics) have different contributions on product performance. The result of the model can clearly reflect who is most benefited in the cooperation, which could be used for reference when many parties together negotiate. Finally, a numerical example is used to illustrate the proposed methodology.

297
Efficient SIFT processing using sub-sampled convolution and masking techniques
The Scale Invariant Feature Transform (SIFT) is an algorithm for describing local features in an image. This research successfully demonstrates a model for optimizing SIFT using block convolution pre-filtering. A method is presented which theoretically reduces SIFT run time by nearly 50% by greatly limiting the area of image regions required to search for SIFT features. The block convolution of an image is computed using a kernel designed to be predictive of potential regions of interest. The performance of several different types of kernels are compared, most of which were produced using an evolutionary search algorithm. The filtered image is used to locate the potential regions of interest and mask regions that are unlikely to produce matches. This model will provide the framework for an optimized hardware implementation of SIFT in scenarios requiring low power and high speed, such as a robotic computer vision system. The advantage of the model lies in the very low computational intensity required to mask areas of the image where a match is unlikely to be found, yielding a more efficient implementation of SIFT.

298
Efficient parameter selection for Support Vector Regression using orthogonal array
Support Vector Regression (SVR) is a nonlinear prediction method using kernel function and well known to have high accuracy in prediction. In addition, it has been widely applied to real-world problems. Although the accuracy of an effectively tuned SVR is high, its performance strongly depends on hyperparameters given from outside of the model. Therefore, the determination of the parameters is important when applying SVR to real-world problems. Although the optimum parameters are usually determined by an exhaustive grid search, using this method is not realistic when the sample size is considerably large in big data analysis, because the execution of SVR requires more computational time as the number of samples increases. In order to decrease the computational time required to determine the optimum parameters, we conduct a particular sampling based on an orthogonal array and propose an efficient method for parameter tuning for SVR. The proposed method can reduce the computational time to approximately one-twelfth of that taken by a grid research. We validate the accuracy of the proposed method by applying it to a wine quality prediction problem. The results of the proposed method are ranked second among all the combinations of parameters sampled using grid search. In addition, its performance is superior to that of a random method.

299
Electromagnetic regenerative suspension system for ground vehicles
This paper considers an electromagnetic regenerative suspension system (ERSS) that recovers the kinetic energy originated from vehicle vibration, which is previously dissipated in traditional shock absorbers. It can also be used as a controllable damper that can improve the vehicle's ride and handling performance. The proposed electromagnetic regenerative shock absorbers (ERSAs) utilize a linear or a rotational electromagnetic generator to convert the kinetic energy from suspension vibration into electricity, which can be used to reduce the load on the alternator so as to improve fuel efficiency. A complete ERSS is discussed here that includes the regenerative shock absorber, the power electronics for power regulation and suspension control, and an electronic control unit (ECU). Different shock absorber designs are proposed and compared for simplicity, efficiency, energy density, and controlled suspension performances. Both simulation and experiment results are presented and discussed.

300
Embedded information enhancement for neuron selection in self-organizing maps
In this paper, we improve the information enhancement method to extract important input variables. The information enhancement method has been developed to detect important components in neural systems. Our previous method focused on the detection of the important components; therefore, it has not fully incorporated the information contained in the components into learning processes. We here embed the information enhancement into the processes of self-organizing. The embedding is realized simply by adding the importance of input neurons to the self-organizing maps (SOM). We applied the method to an artificial data set and a real data set taken in the field of the second language learning (L2 learning). In the artificial data set, we could show that the symmetric properties of the data could be explicitly extracted. In the L2 learning data set, only one important variable could be detected. The detected input variable represented a grammatical item termed “the inanimate subject.” This variable was found to be the one which differentiated Japanese high school students from university students in the level of L2 grammatical competence. It has been claimed that students have difficulty in producing sentences with inanimate subjects in the field of L2 learning. Thus, the finding by the method well corresponds to the knowledge of L2 learning.

301
Embedded one-class classification on RF generator using Mixture of Gaussians
In this paper we apply a specific machine learning technique for classification of normal and not-normal operation of RF (Radio Frequency) power generators. Pre-processing techniques using FFT and bandpower convert time-series system signatures into single feature vectors. These feature vectors are modeled using k-component Mixture of Gaussians (MoG) where components and corresponding parameters are learned using the Expectation Maximization (EM) algorithm. Data is obtained from three different generator models operating under normal and multiple different not-normal conditions. Exploration into algorithmic parameter effects is conducted and empirical evidence used to select sub-optimum parameters. Robust testing is reported to achieve a 3s classification accuracy of 95.91% for the targeted RF generator. Additionally, a custom C++ library is implemented to utilize the learned model for accurate classification of time-series data within an embedded environment such as a RF generator. The embedded implementation is reported to have a small storage footprint, reasonable memory consumption and overall fast execution time.

302
Emergence of altruism behavior for multi feeding areas in army ant social evolutionary system
Army ants perform the altruism that an ant sacrifices its own well-being for the benefit of another ants. Army ants build bridges using their own bodies along the path from a food to the nest. We developed the army ant inspired social evolutionary system which can perform the altruism. The system has 2 kinds of ant agents, `Major ant' and `Minor ant' and the ants communicate with each other via pheromones. One ants can recognize them as the signals from the other ants. The pheromones evaporate with the certain ratio and diffused into the space of neighbors stochastically. If the optimal bridge is found, the path through the bridge is the shortest route from foods to the nest. We define the probability for an ant to leave a bridge at a low occupancy condition of ants and propose the constructing method of the optimal route. In this paper, the behaviors of ant under the environment with two or more feeding spots are observed. Some experimental results show the behaviors of great interest with respect to altruism of ants. The description in some computer simulation is reported in this paper.

303
Employing a metamaterial inspired small antenna for sensing and transceiving data in an underground soil sensor equipped with a GUI for end-user
A methodology to extract sensor data from underground, in-situ, multi-frequency soil content sensors is presented. The underground sensor, that contains a small metamaterial inspired antenna that doubles up as a sensing element, measures the impedance of the surrounding soil by sending multiple signals of known frequencies in the range 1-40 MHz and comparing the magnitude and phase of reflected signal to those of incident signal. The amplitude and phase values that represent the reflection coefficient are stored in an internal register. In each transmission cycle, this packet is transmitted to an over ground receiver. The receiver decodes the data and processes it to extract the impedance value at the sensing element. The impedance values are then used to extract soil contents by solving certain dielectric mixing and relaxation models. A user-friendly graphical interface is developed that can support the automation of the whole process, and display the estimates of soil content as the output to help an end-user make effective decision about irrigation and fertilization.

304
Empowering smart cities through interoperable Sensor Network Enablers
Sensor Networks are increasingly playing a fundamental role in many application scenarios such as agriculture, maritime, healthcare, industrial and even military application. However, the high heterogeneity of sensor networks poses a great challenge in interoperability and cooperative work, and the building of technological bridges among wireless sensor network (WSN) islands is more and more a must for smart cities for an efficient operation. In this paper, we present a model for an Area Sensor Network (ASN) that combines and connects small networks (Body Sensor Networks), WSNs and even fixed sensor networks within a particular area of interest. Initial tests show that the combination of sensed data from multiple sources (sensor networks) produces synergetic services useful for smart cities.

305
Empowering the Delphi decision-making process using expert search from social networks
Delphi is a traditional method for supporting the decision-making process. It relies on a panel of experts who collaboratively reach a consensus about a given topic. This method may be empowered with new communication technologies which can gather a larger and more geographically distant expert group. In this work, we discuss in depth the gathering of a panel of experts for Delphi, which may be constrained by geographic location and competence levels, using methods to find experts in social networks. The Delphi process was also adapted to use social network analysis methods to find experts, thus allowing faster expert selection from small local groups to huge worldwide groups.

306
Encirclement of moving target using linear model predictive control via feedback linearization
A team of Unmanned Aerial Vehicles (UAVs) is used for the dynamic encirclement of a moving target in simulation. The encirclement tactic is defined for the situation in which a target is isolated and surrounded by a group of UAVs. It may be employed by a team of UAVs to neutralize the target and restrict its movement. A combination of decentralized Linear Model Predictive Control (LMPC) and Feedback Linearization (FL) is implemented on the team of UAVs in order to accomplish dynamic encirclement around a moving target. The main contribution of this paper lays in the application of LMPC and FL to solve the problem of encirclement of a moving target using an autonomous team of UAVs in simulation.

307
Enhanced decentralized robust adaptive control of robots with arbitrarily-switched unknown constraints
In this article, we propose an Enhanced Decentralized Robust Adaptive Control (EDRAC) strategy that guarantees global stable performance for robots under arbitrarily-switched and unknown constraints. The EDRAC strategy is a synergy of the concepts of the decentralized control, finding a Common Lyapunov Function (CLF), and the Sliding Mode Control (SMC). The decentralization in the control action is realized through decomposing the joints dynamics into two parts; a function of the specific joint variables and another one in term of the all joints variables. The first term is assumed to be known and the latter is compensated through adapting its upper bound in the control loop hence relaxing the need for knowing part of the robot dynamics and simplifying the control strategy. The CLF guarantees global stable performance under arbitrary constraints switching, and the SMC makes the EDRAC strategy robust against possible parameters drift. Simulation is performed for a two link robot interacting with two switching constraints and the efficiency of the EDRAC strategy is shown.

308
Enhancing the mining top-rank-k frequent patterns
Frequent pattern mining generates a lot of candidates which spends a lot of usage memory and mining time. Besides, in real applications, a small number of frequent patterns are used. Therefore, the problem of mining top-rank-k frequent patterns (TRFPs) is an interesting topic in recent years. This paper proposes iNTK algorithm for mining TRFPs. This algorithm employs N-list structure generated by PPC-tree to reduce the memory usage. Besides, the subsume concept is also used to enhance the process of mining TRFPs. The experimental results show that iNTK outperforms NTK in terms of mining time and memory usage.

309
Ensemble online sequential extreme learning machine for large data set classification
Online sequential extreme learning machine (OS-ELM) proposed by Liang et al. employ sequential learning strategy to learn the target concept from the data. Compared with the original ELM, OS-ELM can learn data one-by-one or chunk-by-chunk with fixed or varying chunk size with almost same performance as ELM. While compared with other state-of-the-art sequential algorithms such as SGBP, RAN and GAP-RBF, OS-ELM has faster learning speed and better generalization ability. However, similar to ELM, OS-ELM also has instability in different trials of simulations. In addition, for large data sets, OS-ELM will not halt when there are training samples not be learned, this phenomenon results in long learning time. In order to deal with the problems, this paper proposes an algorithm named E-OS-ELM for integrating OS-ELM to classify large data sets. The experimental results show that the proposed method is effective and efficient; it can effectively overcome the drawbacks mentioned above.

310
Environmental adaption method for dynamic environment
An Environmental adaption Method (EAM) has been established earlier [2]. In this paper an Environmental Adaption Method for Dynamic Environment (EAMD) has been proposed, which has been specially designed with real valued parameters in dynamic environment. It simulates an environment which gradually becomes more deadly for its inhabitants and only the individuals who are able to adapt to this changing environment will survive and improve their fitness over time. This change in the environment causes the solutions to converge towards the optimal solutions. EAMD is compared with two cellular genetic algorithms (grid16, grid100), a single population genetic algorithm (ga100) and a hill climber on the Black Box Optimization test-bed at dimensions 2D and 10D on a set of 24 benchmark functions. The proposed algorithm gives better results than the existing algorithms.

311
Estimating agents' attributes using simulated annealing from statistics to realize social awareness
Social awareness is defined as understanding others' feeling or their environments. Social simulation can be an effective tool for it because it enables us to see results of what we do in our community. In those simulations, information on citizens and their environments should be realistic and concrete, however, models employed by many applications are too simple, and they can only give abstract lessons from their simulation results. In this paper, we develop a heuristic approach using a simulated annealing and compare two objective functions for reconstructing attributes of citizens in social simulation. We employ the real data such as governmental statistics to reconstruct attributes of citizens. Two objective functions are considered to reconstruct them and show demographic pyramids that are reconstructed.

312
Estimating joint angles from biological signals for multi-joint exoskeletons
Biological signals are used to control robotic exoskeletons. Our research group has developed a Brain-Machine Interface (BMI)-based Occupational Therapy Assist Suit (BOTAS), which can be controlled by both electroencephalography (EEG) and electromyography (EMG) signals. This paper presents a new method for estimating the joint angles of the arms and hands for the BOTAS from EMG signals using mathematical musculoskeletal models. In six able-bodied participants, the method succeeded in estimating the flexion/extension angles of the elbow, wrist, and metacarpophalangeal (MP) joint of the index finger. In a patient with an upper cervical spinal cord injury, the method succeeded in estimating the elbow angles. The participants could control the BOTAS empowered by the method. These results suggest that the method is potentially useful for controlling robotic exoskeletons in patients with paralyzed arms and fingers.

313
Estimating linking preferences and behaviors of autonomous systems in the Internet using a discrete choice model
The Internet is a system-of-system composed of devices and networking technologies operated by autonomous systems (AS). The linking decisions made by ASes affect the topology, and thereby the performance of the Internet. The objective in this paper is to estimate AS linking preferences and behaviors in the evolution of the AS-level Internet using discrete choice models (DCM). The proposed approach utilizes the observable Internet topology as the input to estimate preferences and behaviors of ASes by considering not only the network metrics but also the geographic and economic aspects, such as AS geographic location, inter-domain traffic, business role and provider-customer relationships. The approach provides a way to quantify the impact of different variables on the linking probabilities. The results show that a) the geographic distance and the number of customers play a significant role in the AS linking behaviors, and b) heterogeneity in the linking preferences of ASes is important for accurate characterization of AS linking behaviors. The uniqueness of the proposed approach is that it provides an interpretation of AS decisions through the lens of utility-maximization principles. The approach can help in developing improved decision-making models for AS-level Internet topology generators.

314
Estimating true speed of moving vehicle using smartphone-based GPS measurement
The Global Positioning System (GPS) receivers are now an integral part of smartphones. However, phone based GPS measurements display much less accuracy as compared to professional grade receivers. On the other hand, the deep penetration of smartphones in consumer market offers opportunity for customizing new solutions. One such possible application is targeted towards identifying risky driving profile for the purpose of customizing auto-insurance premium. For this to be successful, one needs to estimate the true vehicle speed. In this paper, we have presented a method to estimate the true speed of a moving vehicle derived solely from GPS measurements. In this case the accelerometer sensors are not used in conjunction with GPS measurement. The results are compared with OBD2 speed measurement. The proposed method computes a better estimate of vehicle speed, where correctness is measured relative to OBD2 measurement.

315
Estimation model of body acceleration of crutch users based on body parts movement
For an evaluation of walking motions, a body acceleration is considered to be an important measure. The reason is that, if the walking motion is stable, the body acceleration usually shows almost periodic patterns, and if not, it does not. Therefore, it is thought that, for an evaluation of crutch walking motions, the crutch user's body acceleration would be required. That is, unstable crutch walks result in aperiodic body accelerations, and it may cause the users falling. In this research, an instruction system of a crutch walking for untrained patients has been developed. The body accelerations are usually measured by acceleration sensors being attached on the walker's body. Therefore, the sensor systems may disturb smooth walking motions. In addition, it is desirable that commonly available sensors can be utilized for measurements of the walker's body accelerations without anything attached on the body. Therefore, in this paper, a novel acceleration measurement method, i.e., a body-part movement-based acceleration measurement method, was proposed for crutch users. For this purpose, several participants' crutch walks were measured by both an optical motion capturing system and an acceleration sensor system, and multiple linear regression analyses were applied for the acceleration data. As a result, an estimation model with the body acceleration was derived.

316
Estimation of driver's steering direction about lane change maneuver at the preceding car avoidance by brain source current estimation method
Vehicle technology regarding the interaction between human and the machine has been called human-electronics in Japan. It is necessary to achieve a better relationship between human and vehicle. A driver's information, which can be obtained from steering operation, pedal operation, camera images and physiological information, particularly is crucial to find a method to determine a driver's operational intention. It is beneficial to find a method to determine a driver's operational intention. Therefore, we have focused on the brain activities in the biological information. The time frequency analysis such as FFT has been used in the traditional decomposition of the electroencephalogram (EEG). However, these conventional methods can only use two-dimensional data. In this paper, we described that the driver's EEG during car following was decomposed by parallel factor analysis (PARAFAC), and we investigated the feature factor of longitudinal behavior for recognize and judgment from that decomposition result. PARAFAC analysis has known as a multi-channel EEG analysis of multi-dimensional data. In previous research [1], we investigated the driver's EEG of during lane change maneuver using the parallel factor (PARAFAC) analysis. Consequently, all subjects have two common factors of the frequency component which exist in the 5-7 Hz and 8-13 Hz region. Those factors were located at the right frontpolar cortex and the precuneus posterior cingulate cortex, and this factor was changed by the driver's mental state during visual recognition and judgment. In this paper, we estimated the driver's intention from a driver's EEG using source current distribution estimation with Hierarchical Bayesian method and the sparse logistic regression. From the estimation results, the estimation accuracy of driver's intention was higher than about 70 % of three subject's in the lateral operation.

317
Estimation of human posture by multi thermal array sensors
This paper describes a human posture estimation system by using two thermal array sensors. In the system, the sensors are attached to ceiling and wall of a room, and acquire temperature distributions by 16 × 16 elements. The temperature distributions represent a state of temperature in the room, and they are analyzed to estimate human posture. Human posture is estimated by time-series posture transition diagram and the sum of temperature. In our experiment, we measured the temperature distributions in a room modeled as private room in a nursing home. As the results, the system successfully estimated human posture.

318
Estimation of lumbar load by 2D reconstruction of spine line using wearable sensor system
Anteflexion is essential for many physical activities ranging from carrying objects through snow shoveling to farm work. However, lumbago is a common cause of anteflexion, in which lumbar disks are under a heavy load due to changes in lumbar spine shape. With the aim to reduce lumbago risk, in this study we developed a motion sensor system that can estimate the shape, posture and load on the lumbar spine from measuring the lumbar in the lumbar region when the lumbar spine shape changes and the pelvis posture angle changes. We present a wearable version of this sensor system, and propose an estimation method of the lumbar shape using the pelvis posture angle and lumbar region skin curvature from this system. In addition, we measure the anteflexion using this system and study the change in load of the lumbar spine caused by changes in posture.

319
Eucabomber 2.0: A tool for dependability tests in eucalyptus cloud infrastructures considering VM life-cycle
Over the last years, many companies have been moving their computational services to cloud computing providers. In these environments, high availability is a key metric since system outages can lead penalties defined in service level agreements (SLAs). Eucalyptus is a prominent tool for providing virtual machines (VMs) as a cloud service. Considering the user perspective, the service is available if the requested VMs are operational no matter which part of the infrastructure is failed or not. Therefore, providers need to evaluate the dependability level of their environment, considering the user point of view. An important technique to perform dependabiliy evaluation in general systems corresponds to fault injection approach, which observes the systems behavior during the occurrence of fault events. This paper presents an extension of previous work (i.e., Eucabomber) that provides a fault injection tool for dependability evaluation in Eucalyptus cloud computing platform. The current version extends the previous one by providing new user-oriented metrics considering the VM life-cycle operations and also takes into account failure dependencies between Eucalyptus components. Additionally, a case study comparing dependability model results and measured metrics is provided to demonstrate the feasibility of the proposed environment.

320
Evaluating components of artificial immune algorithms: A Performance-aware Method based on Evolutionary Calibrator
We are interested in methods and strategies that allow us to simplify bio-inspired algorithms without reducing their accuracy. These algorithms are usually designed and implemented adding new components incrementally which makes inherently difficult to understand the relation between them and their individual contribution to the algorithm performance. In this paper, the information obtained when using a tuner to identify a set of good parameter values is analyzed and a method to use this tuner in order to help us to take design decisions is proposed. Our results are shown and our approach is validated using an artificial immune algorithm which has been proposed to solve multi-objective problems. The results show that these decisions lead to a code that is shorter than that of the initial algorithm while maintaining its performance.

321
Evaluating simulator-based training of skill-based control behavior using multimodal operator models
This paper describes a novel method for analyzing the training effectiveness for skill-based manual control tasks based on multimodal human operator models. For skill-based tracking tasks, it is known that the adopted human operator dynamics can be modeled accurately with multimodal human operator models. In this paper, estimated human operator model parameters are used to explicitly quantify the changes that occur in the operator's use of visual and motion feedback during skill-acquisition and transfer. A quasi-transfer-of-training experiment is described, in which inexperienced participants were trained to perform an aircraft pitch attitude tracking task, either in a fixed-base or in moving-base simulator environment. After the training phase, the participants were transferred to the other simulator setting, to reveal possible transfer effects. Preliminary results from one participant in each experiment group indicate that the fitted models are successful in revealing the changes that occur in the multimodal manual control characteristics of the participants, and show that convergence to a final skill-based control strategy requires significant training. Furthermore, the presented results suggest that there might be limited direct transfer from training in a fixed-base environment to a moving-base environment.

322
Evaluation method of restoration process for road networks after volcanic eruption
Japan is located in the circum-Pacific orogenic zone, and is one of the world's most volcanic countries. This paper is focused on the damage caused by the ashfall resulting from volcanic eruptions. In particular, the damage to the traffic network is investigated. First, we address the impact of ashfall on the traffic network and present “functional fragility curves” for road traffic capacity, which represent the conditional probabilities of traffic disruptions caused by ashfall. Then, we present a method for restoring the traffic network in which estimations calculated using functional fragility curves are applied. We use an optimum road maintenance model to resolve the problem of ash removal. As a case study, we use the area of the city of Miyakonojo, since this city is located near the Kirishima volcano. The results are compared with the real damage caused by the volcanic eruption in 2011.

323
Evaluation of EEG features during overt visual attention during neurofeedback game
Brain-Computer Interface (BCI) is an emerging modality for direct communication between brain and computer, bypassing brain's conventional communication pathway of the nerves and muscles. Though BCI investigations have been targeting on the development of assistive devices for paralyzed patients initially, recent BCI research exploits the possibilities of BCI in entertainment and cognitive-skill enhancement through neurofeedback games also. Neurofeedback is an effective tool for boosting cognitive skills of both healthy and attention-deficit people based on real-time feedback and self-regulation of brain signals. This paper investigates the feasibility of employing EEG features related to sustained attention and overt visual attention-shift towards left or right visual periphery from a fixation point in the context of a neurofeedback game. Three healthy subjects have successfully played the proposed neurofeedback game by selecting the targets solely by EEG features related to overt visual attention, offering an average accuracy of 72.22%.

324
Evaluation of a disaster recovery solution through fault injection experiments
Disasters can strike any time, anywhere, and most usually occur with little or no warning. Many small and mid-size businesses (SMBs) are not adequately prepared to handle a major outage. A potential solution is the the use of cloud computing to enable a disaster recovery solution for SMBs, alleviating the burden of allocating resources which would be used only in a catastrophic situation. This paper describes an experiment-based approach for studying the dependability of a disaster recovery solution supported by a private cloud. We employ fault injection to verify the benefits and drawbacks of such a solution during the design and early deployment phases. Dependability measures obtained in the testbed can be used to adjust specific components of the solution, to cross-check analytical and simulation models, as well as to give foundations for the definition of service level agreements with customers.

325
Evaluation of sonar and video data collection efforts in an under-ice environment using an unmanned underwater vehicle
Underwater environments hidden beneath a layer of ice prove challenging to explore for both humans and unmanned underwater vehicles. Exploration of such areas is a topic of interest to many scientific communities. In this paper, we discuss details on the approach taken to obtain sonar and video data of under ice topography in a Colorado mountain lake using a VideoRay Pro IV unmanned underwater vehicle. Video from the vehicle along with acoustic sonar data from a BlueView forward looking sonar sensor were recorded concurrently for use in future research. The approach taken, challenges encountered, results obtained, and lessons learned during the data collection process are described herein.

326
Evolutionary locomotion control of a hexapod robot using particle swarm optimized fuzzy controller
This paper proposes hexapod robot locomotion control using a fuzzy controller (FC) learned through particle swarm optimization (PSO). The gait of each leg in the hexapod robot is controlled using a finite state machine so that the robot moves straight forward when the swing amplitude of each leg is set to be identical. This paper proposes locomotion control of the hexapod robot using an FC for applications in different environments. Given the robot state, the FC controls the robot orientation by changing the swing amplitude of the middle leg on each side of the robot. As to the design of the FC, all of the free parameters in which are learned through PSO, which avoids the time-consuming manual design task. The proposed PSO-based FC approach is applied to two hexapod robot locomotion control problems: obstacle boundary-following control and circle-following control. Simulations are conducted to verify the effectiveness of the locomotion control approach.

327
Expanding Neighborhood Tabu Search for facility location problems in water infrastructure planning
Facility location problems (FLPs) are commonly encountered in water infrastructure planning. They pertain to the optimal siting of facilities, e.g. water and wastewater treatment plants, groundwater pumps, sensors to detect water contamination, chlorine booster stations along water distribution pipes, etc. In this paper, an improved Tabu Search (TS) algorithm, the Expanding Neighborhood Tabu Search (ENTS) is proposed for solving large FLPs. ENTS incorporates elements of Variable Neighborhood Search where the search neighborhood is systematically varied; specifically, the search neighborhood is expanded as the search progresses according to a ranking of the potential locations to site the facilities. Solutions involving just top-ranked locations are searched first, then those involving lower-ranked ones as well, then even lower-ranked ones in addition, and so on, until finally, all locations are included in the search. The ranking of potential locations is carried out using a simple TS but with the stopping criterion set such that it terminates prematurely. Preliminary results comparing ENTS and a simple TS for four cases of the uncapacitated FLP shows ENTS to be the more efficient algorithm for large problems. More research is needed to prove the feasibility of ENTS for solving actual water infrastructure FLPs.

328
Experimental evaluation of human postural balance through lifting loads
We have an interest in the relationship between the human postural balance and back injuries. Although back injuries are the number-one problem facing the workforce in the industry of carrying loads, there appears to be no firm idea on how this will deal with in practice. It is known that the brain plays an important role in maintenance of standing posture. In this paper, we focus on evaluating how the human postural balance is affected under three conditions of lifting loads. Especially, we evaluate the human postural balance during the rising time. We use the spectrum analysis for evaluating the postural balance by using the Nintendo Wii balance board. Through all of experiments, we found the tendency that the heavier loads are, the faster and larger the body swing for balancing the posture during the rising time is. Additionally, the case excluding bending the knee shows the larger swing than that including bending the knee. From all of results, we could hypothesize that an expert of carrying loads may make a balance for the posture during rising time as soon as possible by using the smaller swing motion. We show all of experimental results.

329
Experiments with large ensembles for segmentation and classification of cervical cancer biopsy images
To classify cervical cells as normal or cancer, the histological image must be segmented. After segmentation mean nuclear volume can be used to distinguish between normal and cancer cells. Due to the rapid reproduction of cancer cells, they have higher mean nuclear volume than typical normal cells. We propose a large ensemble of segmentations which separate normal and cancer cases based on the single feature of mean nuclear volume. Four basic segmentors with different parameters generate the segmentations. The mean nuclear volume is extracted from the segmentations. The dataset used for this paper contained multiple images from 30 normal and 32 cancer patients. Hematoxylin and eosin (H&E) was used to stain archival tissue sections from the normal cervix and cervical cancers. Results show it is possible to predict class with greater than 84% accuracy.

330
Exploring and assessing complex systems' behavior through model-driven storytelling
Complex systems are difficult to analyze because of unknown interactions and dependencies among system components, and between the system and the environment. These interactions and dependencies tend to produce unpredictable behaviors that can often lead to detrimental outcomes. Traditional systems engineering that relies on reductive approaches are not suitable for the analysis and design of complex systems. This recognition has led to the development of new paradigms, methods, and tools that better enable: exploration of a complex system's behavior and tradespace; detection, diagnosis, and visualization of component/subsystem dependencies and interactions; and identification, alerting, and circumvention of potentially undesirable interactions. This paper presents a system model-driven interactive storytelling approach for analyzing interactions and dependencies within complex systems, and between complex systems and the environment. An exemplar complex system is used to convey key elements of the approach. The methodology is applicable for a variety of complex systems such as global supply chains, power and energy management, transportation networks, aerospace and aviation enterprises, and defense systems.

331
Exploring day-to-day variability in EEG-based emotion classification
The research of electroencephalography (EEG)-based emotion classification has gained much popularity in the past few years. Researchers continue to seek an optimal machine learning-based pipeline to characterize the associations between complex spatio-spectral EEG dynamics and implicit emotional responses. However, toward a real-life application, addressing the inherent day-to-day variability in EEG signals is also of urgent importance, yet was less concerned in the literature. This study explored the day-to-day EEG variability and tested the feasibility of developing an emotion-classification pipeline that can account for such variability. The empirical results of this study showed that the use of a proper feature extraction, e.g., band-power asymmetries over the fronto-posterior regions, in conjunction with an effective artifact removal method, e.g., independent component analysis, could alleviate the impacts of inter-day variability and improve the classification performance.

332
Exporting Object-Process Methodology system models to the Semantic Web
Model-Based Systems Engineering (MBSE) is gradually becoming an acceptable good practice, especially for large-scale complex systems. The variety of modeling languages enables detailed representation of domain-specific knowledge of different aspects of a system. Semantic Web concepts provide opportunities for easier and more efficient collaboration between design and verification teams using different modeling tools. IBM Semantic Mediation Container (SMC) is a tool interoperability platform, allowing mediation and synchronization among models in different languages based on their ontologies. We propose integrating into SMC the ability to translate Object-Process Methodology (OPM), the emerging ISO 19450 Standard, which provides a holistic view of the system's function, structure, and behavior. In this paper we describe the first integration stages - defining the OPM ontology in a way that conforms to Semantic Web specifications and developing a module for exporting OPM models from their visual representation to and back from Resource Description Framework (RDF). We discuss the scope of the ontology and different approaches of element representation. We portray the implementation of the export module as an extension to OPM CASE tool (OPCAT). The ontology and export module are validated by round-trip transformation of OPM models from their visual representation to RDF and back by experimenting with OPM experts.

333
Extended Dynamic Range imaging: A spatial down-sampling approach
In recent years, many works have addressed the issues of generating high dynamic range (HDR) images from the low dynamic range (LDR) counterparts. Since the HDR image contains a broader range of physical values which cannot be recorded by conventional sensors, the previous approaches use a sequence of images captured with different exposures to synthesize an HDR image. In this paper, we propose a spatial down-sampling technique to extend the dynamic range of an LDR image and generate an image with a broader dynamic range. The idea is to trade the large resolution of an image with a large brightness range for intensity quantization, and produce a so-called Extended Dynamic Range (EDR) image. Experimental results demonstrate that our approach is able to provide the better image quality than those derived from the existing LDR to HDR image conversion techniques.

334
Extended kalman filter for improved navigation with fault awareness
Most unmanned mobile robotic platforms contain multiple sensors that can be leveraged to measure vehicle motion states, where there often exists redundancies among the different sensor types. Kalman filter based sensor fusion between inertial navigation sensors, GPS readings, encoders, etc. is a very popular approach in the literature to improve the accuracy of navigation readings. However, such redundancies can also be exploited for simultaneously conducting fault detection and identification of the sensors and the robot. This paper presents theory and results for an Extended Kalman Filter (EKF) approach fusing IMU/INS readings with GPS and/or visual odometry (VO) data to diagnose faults in wheel odometry readings (encoders). A key advantage is that the approach works for detecting faults, even when relatively low grade and inexpensive sensors are installed in the vehicle.

335
Extended type systems of action languages for the development of communication protocols
The specification and implementation of communication protocols can be formally done with extended finite state machines. Action languages allow the specification of detailed behavior in the context of activities and state machines. These action languages may define expressions and statements that do evaluations on a specific type system. On the other hand message syntax languages (MSL) are used for the description of the syntax of protocol messages (i.e. encoding and decoding) of communication data. The typical approach of integrating a MSL into an action language is to map the type of the MSL to the action language. This type-mapping approach has limitations if the type system of the action language does not conform with the type declarations that are allowed within the message syntax language. This issue makes it impossible to use different messages syntax languages in the same action language to describe the behavior of communication protocols. In this short paper we present our current work on a model-based engineering (MBE) approach to dynamically integrate type declarations of message syntax languages as the type system of an action language. We discuss our approach in relation to existing technologies around UML, ALF, ASN.1 and SDL and explain our solution based on a simple text based protocol. Furthermore we demonstrate how this new action language can be used for the implementation of communication protocols that are based on state machines.

336
Extending support to customised multi-point haptic devices in CHAI3D
CHAI3D is a widely accepted haptic SDK in the society because it is open-source and provides support to devices from different vendors. In many cases, CHAI3D and its related demos are used for benchmarking various haptic collision and rendering algorithms. However, CHAI3D is designed for off-the-shelf single-point haptic devices only, and it does not provide native support to customised multi-point haptic devices. In this paper, we aim to extend the existing CHAI3D framework and provide a standardized routine to support customised, single/multi-point haptic devices. Our extension aims at two issues: Intra-device communication and Inter-device communication. Therefore, our extension includes an HIP wrapper layer to concurrently handle multiple HIPs of a single device, and a communication layer to concurrently handle multiple position, orientation and force calculations of multiple haptic devices. Our extension runs on top of a custom-built 8-channel device controller, although other off-the shelf controllers can also be integrated easily. Our extension complies with the CHAI3D design framework and advanced provide inter-device communication capabilities for multi-device operations. With straightforward conversion routines, existing CHAI3D demos can be adapted to multi-point demos, supporting real-time parallel collision detection and force rendering.

337
Extracting deep social relationships from photos
Hidden within the relative location of tags in images is a relational model that can identify how close two individuals are, or, the affinity of a person to an object or a brand. Based on this model we can 1) better understand the relationship between users/tags, 2) find photos where a user is pictured but not tagged in, and 3) enable searching “inside” images by clicking on any location within an image to start a search. This paper proposes a method of modeling the relationship between objects based on their spatial arrangement in a set of tagged images. Based on the relative coordinates of each object tag, we compute a joint relativity between each tag pair, generate a social relationship graph and propose an efficient image search method using the joint Relativity graph. We evaluated our approach with real world data from Facebook, showing a direct relationship between the number of tagged photos and the amount of information obtained from these photos, and an average correlation coefficient of 0.8 between user-generated relativity scores and those obtained by our algorithm.

338
Eyelid-based driver state classification under simulated and real driving conditions
On account of the increase in vehicle accidents due to driver drowsiness over the last years, the development of reliable drowsiness assistant systems by a reference drowsiness measure is highlighted. Since eyelid features have shown acceptable correlation with driver vigilance in driving simulators, this study focuses on 18 blink features of 43 subjects collected by electrooculography under both simulated and real driving conditions during 67 hours of driving. We have assessed the driver state by artificial neural network, support vector machine and k-nearest neighbors classifiers for both binary and multi-class cases. There, binary classifiers are trained both subject-independent and subject-dependent to address the generalization aspects of the results for unseen data. The drawback of driving simulators in comparison to real driving is also discussed and to this end we have performed a data reduction approach as a remedy. For the binary driver state prediction (awake vs. drowsy) by eyelid features, we have attained an average detection rate of 82% by each classifier separately. For 3-class classification (awake vs. medium vs. drowsy), however, the result was only 66%, possibly due to inaccurate self-rated vigilance states.

339
FS-SDS: Feature selection for JPEG steganalysis using stochastic diffusion search
Feature extraction and classification based on feature sets are two major components of steganalysis process. The high dimension of feature sets used for steganalysis makes classification a complex and time-consuming process. This paper proposes a novel feature selection algorithm (FS-SDS) for steganalysis. FS-SDS is a wrapper-type feature selection algorithm which selects reduced feature set using Stochastic Diffusion Search. The Stochastic Diffusion Search is a generic population-based search method, which has been adopted successfully in this work for steganalytic feature selection. The experiments are conducted with steganograms of the common JPEG steganography techniques. To show the usefulness and effectiveness of FS-SDS, experiments were conducted on two different feature sets used for steganalysis. The experimental results show that the proposed feature selection not only effectively reduces the dimensionality of the features, but also improves the detection accuracy of the steganalysis process.

340
Face Recognition based on scale invariant feature transform and Spatial Pyramid Representation
For Face Recognition (FR) task, local feature based approaches have proven to be more robust to variations than the holistic approaches. As one of the state-of-the-art local descriptors with excellent performance for matching different images of an object or a scene, Scale Invariant Feature Transform (SIFT) has sparingly been used in FR, and whether it is a good descriptor for face images needs to be analyzed more. In this paper we propose a face representation approach based on SIFT and Spatial Pyramid Representation (SPR), to enhance the recognition performance of SIFT based method. Firstly it employs SIFT to extract discriminative local features and then constructs Spatial Pyramid to form a local-holistic representation of a face image. Finally Classifiers such as Nearest Neighbor (NN) and Support Vector Machine (SVM) could be performed on representation vectors of equal length. The comparative experimental results on ORL and Yale databases indicate that our approach achieves better performance than other SIFT based methods. In addition, it shows great robustness against environmental variations such as pose mismatches, imperfect face alignment, various facial expressions and accessory configuration variations, demonstrating a new alternative method for FR task.

341
Facial expression recognition using anatomy based facial graph
Automatic analysis of human facial emotions is one of the challenging problems in intelligent systems and social signal processing. It has many applications in human-computer interactions, social robots, interactive multimedia and behavior monitoring. In this paper, our specific aim is to develop a method for facial movement recognition based on verifying movable facial elements and estimate the movements after any facial expressions. The algorithm plots a face model graph based on facial expression muscles in each frame and extracts features by measuring facial graph edges' size and angle variations. Seven facial expressions, including neutral pose are being classified in this study using support vector machine and other classifiers on MMI databases. The approach does not rely on action unit system, and therefore eliminates errors which are otherwise propagated to the final result due to incorrect initial identification of action units. Experimental results show that analyzing facial movements gives accurate and efficient information in order to identify different facial expressions.

342
Fast 3D reconstruction using one-shot spatial structured light
Structured light gains its popularity in 3D reconstruction applications due to its robustness against outliers. In the last few decades, a number of high-accuracy temporally encoded structured light emerged to solve the 3D reconstruction problem. However their applications are mainly limited to scanning stationary objects. When dealing with dynamic scenes and real-time data acquisition, one-shot spatial multiplexed structured light has the speed advantage. In this paper, we propose a fast 3D reconstruction method using one-shot special structured light. It works by projecting a static two-dimensional 8-color De Bruijn spatial grid pattern onto the scene, analyzing the deformation of the observed light pattern with respect to the projected one, and identifying their correspondence. Several local optimization strategies are used to offer a confident solution, including special vote majority for color detection and correction, and De Bruijn-based Hamming distance minimization to improve intersection neighborhood information. The effectiveness of the proposed method is verified through 3D reconstruction of a complicated bust.

343
Fast discovery of high fuzzy utility itemsets
This work presents an efficient approach for deriving itemsets with high fuzzy utility values from quantitative data. Each item in a transaction has its own profit and quantity, and the total fuzzy utility of it is considered. We also design a useful strategy to prune unpromising fuzzy candidate itemsets, thus making the mining process efficient. Through a series of experimental evaluations, the results show the proposed approach could perform well in fuzzy utility mining.

344
Fast re-learning of a controller from sparse data
We address the problem of adapting a controller of a dynamical system to an unexpected change in dynamics. Such a system can be controlled using model predictive control if the model of the dynamics (forward model) is sufficiently accurate. The challenge is to adapt the forward model quickly. We motivate the requirement to achieve this adaptation given only sparse training data. To solve this challenge, we introduce the concept of preserving any a priori learned functional relationship in the dynamics, while adapting solely to the relatively simple functional relationship describing the change in dynamics. We show that this concept can be realized by augmenting a forward model with a simple corrector network and demonstrate feasibility on a challenging control problem in simulation.

345
Feature extraction based on kernel sparse representation for hyperspectral image classification
Feature extraction is a promising technique for hyperspectral image classification. Recent research has shown that the criterion of sparse representation classification (SRC) can help to design a feature extraction method. This method is called the SRC steered discriminative projection (SRCDP). Motivated by the fact that kernel trick can exploit the nonlinear case of features, this paper generalizes SRCDP to its kernel case named KSRCDP. Extensive experiments show that KSRCDP can obtain excellent classification performance on two classic hyperspectral images.

346
Field studies of a robot system to measure ground emissions of methane
A robot system has been developed to search for signs of life on Mars. The system consists of a rover equipped with an open-path spectrometer, and is to designed look for potential biogenic gas emissions from the ground. The paper discusses preliminary field studies with the system. The findings indicate that for this type of application, the spectrometer should be located as close to the ground as is feasible. Also, because wind quickly disperses concentrated gases, frequent measurements are needed in order to determine the location of the source.

347
Fitness Predator Optimizer to avoid premature convergence for multimodal problems
A major problem with most of swarm intelligent algorithms in multimodal optimization is premature convergence (PC), which results in great performance loss and sub-optimal solutions. To avoid premature convergence by maintaining diversity in the population, many kinds of optimization algorithms are proposed. However, to the best of our knowledge, few of the swarm intelligent techniques focus on the individual competition. The development of individual competition plays an important role of the diversity conservation in the population because it could increase individual independent consciousness and reduce the rapid social collaboration process. In this paper, a new algorithm, Fitness Predator Optimizer (FPO), is proposed based on the conceptions of predators. In an FPO system, all of the individuals are seen as predators. Each of the individuals is depicted only by its position. Then the individual is named as a “position” in FPO. Only the competitive, powerful positions selected as elites could achieve the limited opportunity to update. The elite team reduces the possibility of all of the individuals moving toward the same place. Eight well-known benchmark functions are used to test the performance of FPO. Four typical multimodal benchmark functions are used to test the global search ability of FPO and four fixed-dimension multimodal optimization problems are selected to make a comparison of the convergence rate between several well-known algorithms. The experimental results show that the FPO algorithm is able to provide excellent exploitation, utilizing local minima avoidance and exploration simultaneously.

348
Fleet sizing for electric car sharing system via closed queueing networks
This paper addresses the problem of determining the optimal fleet size of electric car sharing systems. We model the system as a Discrete Event System in a closed queueing network framework considering the specific requirements of the electric vehicle utilization. Hence, we describe the asymptotic behavior of the vehicles and develop an optimization problem for maximizing the system revenue by determining the optimal fleet size. The large-scale of real-world systems results in computational difficulties in obtaining the exact solution, and so an approximate formulation is provided. Some numerical results illustrate and validate the solution method.

349
Formal analysis of leave-one out method based on decremental sampling scheme
This paper proposes a new framework for formal analysis of leave-out one methods based on decremental sampling scheme, which gives a reversed operation of incremental sampling scheme. This technique is applied to the leave-one out method for rules defined by the propositions whose constraints were defined by inequalities of accuracy and coverage. The results show that expected values of indices and error rates can be obtained as exact formulae.

350
Forward-flexed posture detection for the early Parkinson'S disease symptom
With aging society coming, there are more and more elderly people having the aging-related chronic diseases, such as Parkinson's, and Alzheimer's diseases. In this study, a time-less linear transformation method is proposed to obtain tilting angles from single axis accelerometer data. By wearing the previous designed posture monitor vest and with the proposed algorithm implemented, this wearable system can detect the forward-flexed posture which is frequently seen in the early symptom of Parkinson's disease, the festination. Detection of this posture is the necessary function for the festination detection system which can work as a quantitative tool for early detection of Parkinson's disease.

351
From the social learning theory to a social learning algorithm for global optimization
Traditionally, the Evolutionary Computation (EC) paradigm is inspired by Darwinian evolution or the swarm intelligence of animals. Bandura's Social Learning Theory pointed out that the social learning behavior of humans indicates a high level of intelligence in nature. We found that such intelligence of human society can be implemented by numerical computing and be utilized in computational algorithms for solving optimization problems. In this paper, we design a novel and generic optimization approach that mimics the social learning process of humans. Emulating the observational learning and reinforcement behaviors, a virtual society deployed in the algorithm seeks the strongest behavioral patterns with the best outcome. This corresponds to searching for the best solution in solving optimization problems. Experimental studies in this paper showed the appealing search behavior of this human intelligence-inspired approach, which can reach the global optimum even in ill conditions. The effectiveness and high efficiency of the proposed algorithm has further been verified by comparing to some representative EC algorithms and variants on a set of benchmarks.

352
Fuzzy ant colony algorithm for terrain following optimization
Ant colony optimization is a class of swarm intelligence algorithms used to solve combinatorial optimization problems. Fuzzy ant colony optimization adds fuzzy logic to combine heuristic data used in the algorithm. In this paper, a fuzzy ant colony algorithm is applied to a class of path planning known as terrain following optimization. Terrain following optimization attempts to find paths through which terrain can be used to avoid line of sight based detection. The algorithm is tested against both controlled test cases and real world terrain. The results show the algorithm effectively balances terrain masking and path length to create flyable terrain masking paths.

353
Fuzzy controller design by artificial DNA assisted queen bee genetic algorithm
This paper proposes an artificial DNA assisted queen bee genetic algorithm (DNA+QBGA) to learn the gains, control structures, membership functions, and rules of the fuzzy controller. The queen bee genetic algorithm (QBGA) possesses simple and fast evolution process to figure out the best parameters and the DNA computing is adopted to determine the structure of fuzzy controller. Each fuzzy control structure can be defined by a different bee hive, which contains the control structure and dimension of the gain. The presented DNA+QBGA can make the membership functions and rules communicate with one another among different control structures. Moreover, a novel three-step crossover operation is investigated such that the crossover between different odd dimensions of membership functions can be made. Step one is that the dimensions of parents (queen and drone) and the offspring (brood) are expanded to the same dimension resolved by their least common multiple. Step two is to randomly select the genes from the parents in the corresponding space. Step three is that the offspring gene is calculated by the real-code crossover between their parents. Finally, the simulation results of the fuzzy controlled cart-pole and chaotic systems demonstrate the feasibility and effectiveness of the proposed schemes.

354
Fuzzy dependency analysis for medical checkup reference
We investigate dependency of human health condition evaluation on changing medical checkup reference. In our previous paper, we proposed an evaluation method based on fuzzy set for health checkup data. This method converted health checkup data into fuzzy degree to operate a multivariate data analysis. The obtained fuzzy degree was considered as an attribute value in closed interval [0, 1]. Total health indices which are defined by operation of the fuzzy degrees are treated as the same scale. In this paper, to investigate fuzzy normal degrees by changing to new reference interval, we visualized health changes by calculating the total health indices using our proposed method. As the result, we succeeded in visualizing health change, and confirmed quantitatively that disease patients decrease by changing to new reference interval.

355
GLAICP: A global-local optimization algorithm for robust human pose tracking from depth data
Due to its high efficiency, the Iterative Closest Point (ICP) algorithm has become a popular choice in computer vision and robotics for the registration of point cloud data sets when the point-to-point correspondences are unknown. Its generalization for articulated structures, although possible through a joint optimization of all pose parameters, is challenging as it is necessary to solve a non-closed form. It also suffers heavily from the local minima problem. A number of proposed Articulated ICP (AICP) algorithms circumvent the problem of the non-closed form solution and offer an efficient alternative. However, they still exhibit an increased tendency, caused by the local minima, to converge to an incorrect pose. Typically, the above problem manifests itself after a transient disturbance in the convergence, such as an occlusion which causes an increase in the point-to-point association distances between the model and the data. In this paper, we propose an extension to the AICP algorithm that benefits from the efficiency of ICP as well as avoids its problems by using global pose optimization elements to guide the convergence process to the correct pose. The proposed approach is to merge adaptively the joint adjustments computed by AICP with the adjustments needed for a number of key points to reach their respective target positions, identified by a local feature descriptor search. Experiments show that the proposed Global-Local Articulated ICP algorithm exhibits improved robustness to transient disturbances, like occlusions, in comparison with the AICP algorithm.

356
Game theory based dynamic resource allocation for hybrid environment with cloud and big data application
Virtualization based cloud and big data applications have been widely adopted in various fields. Because deploying the big data applications on the cloud will cause obvious performance degradation, the cloud and big data applications are provided with fixed resource separately. However, the traditional fixed resource allocation mechanism has two drawbacks: (1) low resource utility and (2) unresponsiveness to the performance degradation. To address these drawbacks, the cloud and big data hybrid environment is designed, where fair resource allocation is used to ensure fairness between cloud and big data applications while virtual machine migration is used to make each virtual machine in cloud application reach its own satisfactory. Herein, game theory is used to model the conflict and negotiation between cloud and big data applications. Firstly, the Nash Equilibrium is used to discover the best strategy for both applications. Secondly, as for virtual machine migration, we use Nash Bargaining game to present the situation where virtual machines compete for more resources allocation while their minimal demand is ensured. Finally, experiments are carried out to prove that the hybrid environment outperforms the traditional method both in resource utility and application performance.

357
Gaming controlling via brain-computer interface using multiple physiological signals
Using physiological signals to control brain-computer interface (BCI) becomes more popular. Among many kinds of physiological signals, Electrooculography (EOG) signal is more stable which can be used to control BCI systems based on eye movement detection and signal processing methods. Also, the use of electroencephalographic (EEG) signals has become the most common approach for a BCI because of their usability and strong reliability. In this paper, we described a signal processing method, which uses a wireless EEG-based BCI system designed to be worn near forehead that can detect both EEG and EOG signals, for detecting eye movements to have 9 direction controls (via EOG) and one action of execution (via EEG). This system included a wireless EEG signal acquisition device, a mechanism that can be worn stably, and an application program (APP) with signal processing algorithms. This algorithm and its classification procedure provided an effective method for identifying eye movements and attention. Finally, we designed a baseball game to test the BCI system. The results demonstrated that player can control the game well with high accuracy.

358
Gaze measurement to evaluate safety in using vehicle navigation systems
It becomes popular to use smart phones as a car navigation system. Conventional navigation systems were already designed following the published guidelines to ensure driving safety; however, guidelines for the smart phone navigation system are still undeveloped. To assess the safety of these devices, the car navigation systems are integrated into a driving simulator. The experiments are carried out by changing the size and the position of the display. Gazing points of the drivers are measured when they are driving on the driving simulator following the instruction of the car navigation systems as well as obtaining questionnaires. The results indicate the frequency of eye movement increases when the display is installed close to the driver's eye, while total time gazing the display does not change significantly in all the conditions.

359
Global optimization with derivative-free, derivative-based and evolutionary algorithms
This paper investigates global optimization methods from the perspective of population-based and restarted point-based heuristics. We examine the performance of a standard evolutionary computation (EC) methodology, a derivative-based sequential quadratic programming (SQP) algorithm and a novel derivative-free stochastic coordinate ascent (SCA) algorithm. All methods are analyzed by random sampling of the feasible search space. A comparison was made to evaluate the three algorithms, in the light of newly updated IEEE CEC2013 benchmarks, on a set of multimodal and composite test cases. Results revealed that while the standard EC algorithm is generally more robust, on the basis of convergence efficiency both the restarted SCA and SQP algorithms have shown remarkable performance on some of these benchmarks. The results further suggest that depending on the nature of the problem landscape and dimensionality the three algorithms, chosen from different optimization frameworks, perform complementary to each other.

360
Green networking: Developing sustainable computer networks
Information and Communication Technology is a multi-billion dollar field that has incredible economic, social, and environmental effects. It is the dynamic balance amongst these three aspects in which Green Information Networking Technology is used to promote more environmentally friendly products. In this paper, we surveyed the research in the area of Green Networking. We presented analysis both at software-/middleware-level, as well as hardware-level techniques. The analysis suggested that certain changes can be easily implemented at the current time, such as simple modifications to protocols to allow systems to idle, or using server management techniques. Finally, the paper examined intricate approaches to evaluate the success of Green Networking technologies, and presented case studies to illustrate the ideas.

361
Grey discrete parameters model and its application
To solve the problem that the growth of prediction of discrete grey model is constant, the paper establishes a new grey discrete parameters prediction model by instructing quadratic time-varying parameters, which is called as quadratic time-varying discrete grey model(referred to as QDGM (1,1)). We discuss the affine properties of QDGM model. The paper employed a majorization principle to optimizing the iterative starting value of the new model, and introduced the steps of using QDGM (1, 1) to predict. Finally, there is an instance that demonstrates the new model has the best results in the four discrete grey models. It was proved that the new model greatly improves the simulation and prediction precision.

362
Grey incidence clustering method based on dynamic time warping
Grey incidence clustering method is an important research area of grey system analysis. However, current grey incidence clustering methods have some problems when dealing with data sequences with different length. These methods usually choose to pad up the shorter data sequence or delete some redundant data, and that will increase the uncertainty of the system. To solve the problem, this paper proposed a novel grey incidence clustering method by introducing dynamic time warping distance used for unequal-length sequences processing. It can measure the similarity between sequences by computing the shortest path of distance matrix to achieve grey clustering. This method doesn't need manual intervention. And it possesses stronger robustness. Besides, the experiment shows that the clustering result of this novel method is more correct when handling inconsistent-length data sequences.

363
Gyro-aided image-based tracking using mutual information optimization and user inputs
In this paper, a template tracking algorithm is presented that uses mutual information (MI) criteria for template matching and gyroscope information to predict rotation between two camera images. The tracking algorithm can also take an user input for template selection and update. The tracking algorithm uses Hu moments that are invariant to 2D rotation, translation and scaling to validate the tracker. Homography is used to represent template warping parameters. The algorithm is aided with gyroscope measurements to estimate the camera motion information which helps to improve the initial guess of the warping condition. Template selection using the user's input is based on properties of the target, such as its location in the frame. The user driven strategy makes the tracker capable of tracking different objects of interest and might reduce the computational burden for template localization. The tracking algorithm presented in this paper shows significant improvements over recently developed gyro-aided Kanade-Lucas-Tomasi (KLT) tracker and the MI-only tracker in the case of multi-modal images and rapid camera motion.

364
HALS-based algorithm for affine non-negative matrix factorization
Non-negative matrix factorization (NMF) learns to approximate a non-negative matrix by the product of two lower-rank non-negative matrices. Since NMF usually learns sparse representation,it has been widely used in pattern recognition and data mining. However, NMF cannot deal with the datasets that contain offsets. To remedy this problem, Laurberg and Hansen proposed affine NMF (ANMF) by jointly learning the offset vector, but the proposed multiplicative update rule neither guarantees non-negativity constraints over factor matrices nor converges sufficiently rapid. In this paper, we adopt the well-known hierarchical alternating least squares (HALS) algorithm to solve ANMF. Since the update of offset vector is in the same frame of updates of factor matrices, HALS is quite suitable for solving ANMF and the experimental results on simulated datasets validate its efficiency.

365
Handwriting recognition system for mobile accessibility to the visually impaired people
This paper proposes the combination of preprocessing and handwriting recognition approaches aiming to develop a flexible and assistive mobile tool to help visually impaired people to understand and interact with handwriting text. The proposed system is described and its performance is evaluated in the IAM Handwriting Database. The system presented promising results and may aid visually impaired to overcome an everyday accessibility barrier as handwriting recognition.

366
Heuristic decision making with incomplete information: Conditions for ecological rationality
Ecological rationality is the study of when certain decision making strategies exploit specific environments so efficiently that further information and computation would not necessarily increase accuracy. This perspective challenges many of the normative accounts of rationality by arguing that heuristics, i.e. decision making strategies that ignore some available information, in some environments can make decisions faster, more efficiently, and/or more accurately than analytic decision making strategies. The challenge for many researchers and proponents of ecological rationality is to determine when heuristics are ecologically rational. Research has previously identified some important environmental structures: uncertainty, redundancy, sample size, and variability in weights. This paper introduces a new environmental structure, a measure of distribution of incomplete information called complete attribute pairs, and shows how this structure indicates when two well-studied heuristics, Take-the-Best (TTB) and Tallying, are ecologically rational under conditions of incomplete information. Specifically this paper presents the results of a simulation measuring the accuracy and effort of TTB and Tallying alongside two analytic decision making strategies, weighted-additive (WADD) and equal weighting (EW), in scenarios with incomplete information, showing that the analytic strategies were almost invariant to changes in complete attribute pairs while increases in complete attribute pairs increased the accuracy of TTB and Tallying. These results identify complete attribute pairs as a parameter that is potentially capable of indicating ecological rationality of TTB and Tallying.

367
Hierarchical social network analysis using multi-agent systems: A school system case
The quality of K-12 education has been a major concern in the nation for years. School systems, just like many other social networks, appear to have a hierarchical structure. Understanding this structure could be the key to better evaluating student performance and improving school quality. Many studies have been focusing on detecting hierarchical structure by using hierarchical clustering algorithms. We design an interaction-based similarity measure to accomplish hierarchical clustering in order to detect hierarchical structures in social networks (e.g. school district networks). This method uses a multi-agent system, for it is based on agent interactions. With the network structure detected, we also build a model, which is based on the MAXQ algorithm, to decompose the funding policy task into subtasks and then evaluate these subtasks by using funding distribution policies from past years and looking for possible relationships between student performances and funding policies. For the experiment, we use real school data from Bexar County's 15 school districts in Texas. The first result shows that our interaction-based method is able to generate meaningful clustering and dendrograms for social networks. Additionally our policy evaluation model is able to evaluate funding policies from the past three years in Bexar County and conclude that increasing funding does not necessarily have a positive impact on student performance and it is generally not the case that the more is spent, the better.

368
High speed deficit round robin ASIC in ATM/Ethernet bridge
This paper presents a deficit round robin (DRR) application specific integrated circuit (ASIC), which is fabricated in a standard TSMC 0.18μm 1P6M technology. The proposed DRR ASIC not only replaces the first-in-first-out (FIFO) queue with DRR, but also improves the performance of ATM/Ethernet bridge with a fair queue in very-high-bit-rate digital subscriber line (VDSL). In the proposed DRR queue, two data formats, 4-bit and 8-bit widths, are studied. Notify that the average waiting time increases if the input queue works with small data format. According to the simulation result, the proposed DRR ASIC performs with the fault coverage of 99.5 % and the logic elements of 5,978 at the operating frequency of 50 MHz, the supplied voltage of 1.8 V and the power consumption of 90.1 mW; and that the chip area of the proposed DRR ASIC is 1.2×1.2 mm2 involving pads.

369
High-precision pouring control using online model parameters identification in automatic pouring robot with cylindrical ladle
This paper gives an advanced control system in tilting-ladle-type automatic pouring robot in casting industry. In recent years, an automatic pouring robot has been exploited to improve the working environment of the pouring process and to produce stable casting products. Furthermore, the automated pouring process has been required that molten metal is quickly and precisely poured into the mold. However, the conventional control systems of the pouring robot need the preliminary experiments for tuning the control parameters. These experiments take an immense amount of time and effort. Moreover in case that the pouring conditions are changed from the conditions of the preliminary experiments, it is difficult to pour precisely the molten metal by the pouring robot with the conventional control systems. Therefore, we propose the pouring control system which control parameters are automatically tuned for pouring precisely in this study. In this proposed approach, the online model parameters identification and control parameters updating system are integrated with the pouring control system based 011 the mathematical model of the pouring process. These model parameters are identified automatically by minimizing the error of practical data and the simulation data from the model at every pouring motion, and then the control parameters according to the mathematical model of the pouring process are updated online to the controller. Therefore, even if the pouring conditions are changed, the molten metal is poured precisely by the proposed pouring control system. The effectiveness of the proposed pouring control system is verified by the experiments with the tilting-ladle-type automatic pouring robot.

370
Histogram-based classification of iPSC colony images using machine learning methods
This paper focuses on induced pluripotent stem cell (iPSC) colony image classification using machine learning methods and different feature sets obtained from the intensity histograms. Intensity histograms are obtained from the whole iPSC colony images and as a baseline for it they are determined only from the iPSC colony area of images. Furthermore, we apply to both of the datasets two simple feature selection methods having altogether four datasets. Altogether, 30 different classification methods are tested and we perform thorough experimental tests. The best accuracy (55%) is obtained for the feature set evaluated from the whole image using Directed Acyclic Graph Support Vector Machines (DAGSVM). DAGSVM is also the best choice when intensity histograms are evaluated only from the iPSC colony area. By this means accuracy of 54% is achieved. The obtained results are promising for further research where, for instance, more sophisticated feature selection and extraction methods and other multi-class extensions of SVM will be examined. However, intensity histograms are not alone adequate for iPSC colony image classification.

371
Home automation using SSVEP & eye-blink detection based brain-computer interface
In this paper, we present a novel brain computer interface based home automation system using two responses - Steady State Visually Evoked Potential (SSVEP) and the eyeblink artifact, augmented by a Bluetooth based indoor localization system, to greatly increase the number of controllable devices. The hardware implementation of this system to control a table lamp and table fan using brain signals has also been discussed and state-of-the-art results have been achieved.

372
Homological analysis of statistical dependence
This paper proposes homological analysis of statistical dependency graph. If a dependency graph model satisfy the condition of a chain complex, homological algebra can be applied. Especially, the degree of freedom can be viewed as a dual space of an original complex. The calculation of homological and cohomological sequences is illustrated.

373
How to estimate relative spatial resolution of different maps or images of the same area?
In this paper, we describe how to estimate relative spatial resolution of different maps or images of the same area under uncertainty. We consider probabilistic and fuzzy approaches and we show that both approaches lead to the same estimate - which makes us somewhat more confident that this joint result is reasonable.

374
How to protect investors? A GA-based DWD approach for financial statement fraud detection
As one type of the financial fraud, financial statement fraud has not only led to a huge loss for individual investors and financial institutions, but also impacted the overall stability of the whole industry. This paper used financial and textual features extracted from annually submitted 10-k filings and combined data and text mining techniques for detection of financial statement fraud. When the dimension of samples is larger than the sample size, namely high dimension low sample size (HDLSS), distance weighted discrimination (DWD) model, which has a good generalization performance in HDLSS contexts, is used to detect financial statement fraud. We also adopted genetic algorithm to improve the performance of classifiers, including DWD, Support Vector Machine, Back Propagation Neural Networks and Decision Tree for feature selection and parameter optimization. Compared with other GA-based classification models, the proposed GA-based DWD model achieved relatively high classification accuracy with fewer input features, which proves that this model is a promising tool for detection of fraudulent financial statements.

375
Human-centric computational knowledge environment for complex or ill-structured problem solving
A complex or ill-structured problem cannot be solved only replying on computer since they require human's nonlinear thinking and even innovation. In this paper, taking respective advantages of computer and human, we propose a novel computational knowledge environment (CKE) where human is able to cognize tacit and new knowledge for complex or ill-structured problem solving, through fusing potential knowledge discovered from the collected information data supported by computer. Following the CKE framework, we develop a creativity technique called InnoSpider which greatly support human's perception, intuition, reasoning and cognition for quick decision making. A case study have verified the effectiveness of CKE, and have indicated InnoSpider can drive human to make high-quality decisions in a shorter time.

376
Hybrid approach for solution of inverse heat conduction problems
The estimation of thermal boundary conditions occurring during heat treatment processes is an essential requirement for characterization of heat transfer phenomena. In this work, the performance of five optimization techniques is studied. These models are the Conjugate Gradient Method, the Levenberg-Marquardt Method, the Simplex method, the NSGA II algorithm and a hybrid approach based on the NSGA II and Levenberg-Marquardt Method sequence. The models are used to estimate the heat transfer coefficient in 2D axis symmetrical case during transient heat transfer. The performance of the optimization methods is demonstrated using numerical experiments.

377
Hybrid model of human hand motion for cybernetics application
One of the major unsolved problems in the field of image processing is to recognize human hand motion robustly in many real circumstances and unpredictable scenarios. Understandingly, this problem is not a trivial task. In this paper, a hybrid methodology for motion analysis and hand tracking based on adaptive probabilistic models is presented in this paper. This hybrid model is composed of a deterministic clustering framework and a standard particle filter. We search for regions of interest before distributing particles into each region to determine the fingertips. This is definitely different from any previous particle filter system. It is not only performed in real-time, but also adaptively based on skin color probabilities. This means that the amount of lighting may change, the tracker still performs accurately. Finally, experimental work demonstrates that the proposed method of human hand motion is able to track and recognize successfully and robustly. This presented hybrid model is able to further and potentially implement the systems and applications of cybernetics.

378
Hydro plant network control LPV framework
This paper presents a network controlled Linear Parameter Varying (LPV) control framework for a hydro power plant. The linearized plant dynamics is assumed to be controlled via remote controller operations over communication networks. The controller action to hydro plant and the plant output to controller input signals are assumed to be transmitted over different networks with a bounded network delay and associated packet drops. As the network delay is modeled as a Pade approximation, the control system signal transmissions over the networks are modeled as an LPV system such that the accurately received packets and lost packets are used as the real-time time-varying parameter that can be measurable in future periods. The communication network LPV characteristics are expressed in terms of a polytopic parameter-dependent model to efficiently characterize the overall network operations for received and lost packages, and the associated LPV controller synthesis perspectives are detailed. The networked controlled LPV controller synthesis and simulation results clearly demonstrate the effectiveness of the framework for networked control system delay and packet loss issues on stability and performance.

379
Identification of human arm viscoelastic properties during vehicle steering maneuver
This paper presents on-line method to estimate the driver's arm viscoelastic properties during vehicle steering maneuver. A model of driver's arm impedance was coupled to the Electric Power Assisted Steering System (EPAS) model. The inputs-output of the impedance model are estimated and then used in the implementation of Exponentially Weighted Recursive Least Squares (EWRLS) algorithm to estimate the model properties. The validity of this approach is demonstrated using human and Hardware-In-the-Loop (HIL) testing.

380
Identification of multimodal control behavior in pursuit tracking tasks
In manual control, a pursuit display may support the use of a multimodal “pursuit” control strategy by the human operator. This paper evaluates two methods that may be used to directly estimate describing functions for such multimodal human operator control dynamics in pursuit tracking. The first is a previously developed frequency-domain method based on Fourier coefficients. The second method makes use of linear-time invariant ARMAX models. An experiment is described in which participants performed tracking tasks with quasi-random multisine target and disturbance forcing functions, for single and double integrator controlled elements and with compensatory and pursuit displays. The experiment data confirms the findings from previous experiments, where it was found that multimodal pursuit control dynamics are adopted in control of systems with double integrator dynamics, but not for single integrator control tasks. Furthermore, the direct multimodal identification methods were found to give improved insight into the internal organization and dynamics of the human operator in pursuit tracking.

381
Identifying elderly activity types by interval type-2 fuzzy models
Fall detection is an active research topic due to the need to prevent accidents from occurring among increasingly aged population in the world. Fall accident is not only harmful to elderly physical health but also will leave side effects, such as emotional trauma, to their daily life because of fear of falling again. Most fall-related research only focused on proposing methodologies to identify whether fall accidents occurred. This study approaches from analyzing elderly daily activities that may cause fall accidents. Interval type-2 fuzzy models are proposed to automatically detect elderly activity patterns. A multilayer detection system is devised to further identify elderly activity types. Signal Vector Magnitude (SVM) and Signal Magnitude Area (SMA) methods are used to discriminate fall activities from moderate and jog ones so that detection effort can be further simplified. Experimental results reveal that the proposed system can correctly identify fall activities. As for normal walking and jog activities the accuracy rates are higher than 80%.

382
Identifying engineering, clinical and patient's metrics for evaluating and quantifying performance of brain-machine interface (BMI) systems
Brain-machine interface (BMI) devices have unparalleled potential to restore functional movement capabilities to stroke, paralyzed and amputee patients. Although BMI systems have achieved success in a handful of investigative studies, translation of closed-loop neuroprosthetic devices from the laboratory to the market is challenged by gaps in the scientific data regarding long-term device reliability and safety, uncertainty in the regulatory, market and reimbursement pathways, lack of metrics for evaluating and quantifying performance in BMI systems, as well as patient-acceptance challenges that impede their fast and effective translation to the end user. This review focuses on the identification of engineering, clinical and user's BMI metrics for new and existing BMI applications.

383
Identifying the evolution of disasters and responses with network-text analysis
Disasters and responses have evolved over-time, and the evolution has been affected by various factors, such as societal change, climate change, and technological advance. To better prepare the future disasters, we need to estimate the evolution trend of the past disasters and the responses. This paper analyzes the academic articles of the field with network-text analyses. The analyses captured the word level and the topic level evolution over-time with statistical significance tests. Further, we turn the text mining results into the network analysis data to identify the key words and topics in the evolution paths. The proposed method suggests the swift of interests, i.e. the new ways of organizational interoperation, the evolution of logistic issues, in the disaster and response field.

384
Identifying time-varying neuromuscular system with a recursive least-squares algorithm: a Monte-Carlo simulation study
A human-centered design of haptic aids aims at tuning the force feedback based on the effect it has on human behavior. For this goal, a better understanding of the influence of haptic aids on the pilot neuromuscular response becomes crucial. In realistic scenarios, the neuromuscular response can continuously vary depending on many factors, such as environmental factors or pilot fatigue. This paper presents a method that online estimates time-varying neuromuscular dynamics during force-related tasks. This method is based on a Recursive Least Squares (RLS) algorithm and assumes that the neuromuscular response can be approximated by a Finite Impulse Response filter. The reliability and the robustness of the method were investigated by performing a set of Monte-Carlo simulations with increasing level or remnant noise. Even with high level of remnant noise, the RLS algorithm provided accurate estimates when the neuromuscular dynamics were constant or changed slowly. With instantaneous changes, the RLS algorithm needed almost 8s to converge to a reliable estimate. These results seem to indicate that RLS algorithm is a valid tool for estimating online time-varying admittance.

385
Image encryption using 2D Logistic-Sine chaotic map
This paper introduces a new two-dimensional Logistic-Sine map (2D-LSM). It has excellent chaotic performance and its outputs are difficult to predict. Using 2D-LSM, this paper proposes a new image encryption algorithm. Simulation results and security analysis demonstrate that the proposed algorithm is able to protect different kinds of images with a high security level.

386
Image recognition system with predicting flying object path using 3D sensors
This work is proposed to actualize an image recognition system with capacity of processing the location of a flying object in terms of depth, which is measured by an RGB-D sensor. And according to the depth of the object and the XY coordinates of image pixels, the system will convert the measured data to a three-dimensional spatial coordinate with respect to the frame of the RGB-D sensor. Then an algorithm is proposed to predict the flying path and the landing point of the object in real time. The algorithm can predict the direction of the flying object and its landing point according to, respectively, the first two and the first three measured data of the object position very effectively. Moreover, not only can the proposed scheme predict the landing site of the moving object, it can also be applied to objects of different shapes, colors and sizes.

387
Implementation of an urban operations simulation model
The implementation of a basic simulation framework for urban operation scenarios, using the discrete event simulation tool IMPRINT, is presented. Preliminary stages of problem definition, system analysis and modeling are described. The model consists of task nodes representing essential processes in urban operations (e.g., room clearing) that are controlled and coordinated by a platoon leader. In the basic framework, the architecture and size of the urban task environment and the platoon size are used as independent variables. For exemplary purposes, the model has been parameterized in terms of task duration, based on small samples from field observation. In prospective studies, the framework will be extended by independent variables such as forces' gear, experience and team structure and by dependent variables based on a database for human performance and workload parameters.

388
Improve enhanced fireworks algorithm with differential mutation
Fireworks algorithm (FWA) is a newly proposed swarm intelligence algorithm, which is used to solve optimization problems. However, the interaction of fireworks in FWA is not sufficient. In this paper, the differential mutation operator is introduced to improve the interaction mechanism of enhanced FWA (EFWA), which is the latest version of FWA. Extensive experiments on 30 benchmark functions were conducted to test the performance of the new algorithm named enhanced fireworks algorithm with differential mutation (FWA-DM). Experimental results have shown that differential mutation operator is able to improve EFWA.

389
Improved group explosion strategy for searching multiple targets using swarm robotics
In this paper, an improved group explosion strategy (IGES) is proposed for searching multiple targets using a swarm of simple robots. The strategy is based on our previous work which has several shortcoming especially when number of targets and robots are large. IGES is simple and fast with great adaptability and only one parameter. The simulation results demonstrate that IGES has great efficiency in all aspects including searching time, energy consumption and computation overload. IGES also shows great stability and adaptiveness in both small and large scale problems.

390
Improvements in teleoperation of industrial robots without low-level access
This paper proposes a method to improve motion smoothness and decrease latency using existing ABB IRC5 robot controllers without access to any low level interface. The proposed control algorithm includes a high-level PID controller used to dynamically generate reference velocities for different travel ranges of the tool centre point (TCP) of the robot. Communication with the ABB IRC5 controller was performed utilising the ABB PC software development kit (SDK). The multitasking feature of the IRC5 controller was used in order to enhance the communication frequency between the controller and the remote application. Trajectory tracking experiments of a predefined 3D trajectory were carried out and the benefits of the proposed algorithm was demonstrated. The robot was intentionally installed on a wobbly table and its vibrations were recorded using a six degrees of freedom (DOF) force/torque sensor fitted to the tool mounting interface of the robot. The robot vibrations were used as a measure of the smoothness of the tracking movements. Experimental results demonstrating the robot tool centre point (TCP), tracking errors, and robot vibrations for different control approaches were provided and analysed. It was demonstrated that the proposed approach results in the smoothest motion with less than 0.2 mm tracking errors.

391
Improving Communication in Healthcare: a case study
In hospital settings, where healthcare professionals are always in motion, it is important that the whole interaction and communication process be documented to avoid inconsistencies and rework, since the communication in these environments is important to healthcare professionals. The use of mobile devices in health environments is growing up and it helps the communication among healthcare professionals, they can do their professionals activities more effectively, and yet the healthcare professionals can organize and manage their personal and social activities while they are in work environment. In this work, we present a proposal for software development regarding e-Health, using concepts of natural interaction Information and Communication Technologies solutions for mobile. We analyzed the professionals' activities and communication in a certain hospital, using participatory design, to look for ways of improving their communication process. The solution presented in this paper was proposed after we observe the communication among healthcare professionals in a hospital, make scenarios and analyze some interviews and photos collected, combining them to get a more realist understanding of that routine.

392
Improving Thailand tourism forecasting based on combinations of wavelet denoising schemes
According to tourist arrivals forecast, the influence of residual noise is still nontrivial problem. Wavelet denoising technique have been received considerable attention in noise removal. However, some important part of the original data may be removed along with the noise. This paper proposes Thailand tourism forecasting improvement based on combinations of wavelet denoising schemes. Various schemes of parameter combinations are experimented with the aim to properly remove undesirable noise while maintain useful information in time-series data. Thailand tourism monthly data over January 1999 to December 2013 as well as a benchmark artificial time-series data are tested; mean while different levels of additive noise are given with the purpose to evaluate the efficiency and robustness of the schemes. The denoising quality is measured by mean square error (MSE) as well as mean absolute percentage error (MAPE); whereas the improvement of forecasting performance is evaluated based on an improved forecasting error rate. High correlations between the quality of denoised data and the improvement of forecasting performance is denoted. The results show the best forecasting improvement of 33.35% and 17.07% for artificial and tourism time-series consecutively.

393
Improving relation descriptor extraction with word embeddings and cluster features
Relation descriptor is the text string which best describes the pre-defined relation between two entities. Relation descriptor can help people to know the specific semantics between two entities, which is very meaningful for knowledge base construction. Traditional relation descriptor extraction method use nominal features, whose expressibility is limited. Word embeddings via deep learning technology can reflect more syntactic and semantic information of words. In this paper we introduce the word embeddings to relation descriptor extraction problem. In order to obtain word semantic classes, we cluster words based on word embeddings and adopt the word cluster feature. Experimental results have shown that word embeddings feature and word cluster feature can improve the performance of relation descriptor extraction obviously. Furthermore the word cluster feature is more robust than word embeddings feature on the relation descriptor extraction. The best method can save 44% and 33% training data to achieve the same performance as the basic method on two datasets.

394
Improving reservoir based wind power forecasting with ensembles
Wind energy - generated from wind power - is plentiful, renewable, clean and available in many places in the world. This energy is generated by wind turbines, in which the wind captured by propellers is connected to a turbine that drives an electrical generator. The use of this source to generate electricity on a commercial scale began in the 1970s, when the international oil crisis escalated. The U.S. and some European countries became interested in the development of alternatives for the production of electricity sources, seeking to reduce dependence on oil and coal. The use of wind power to generate electricity has some drawbacks, however, such as uncertainties in generation and some difficulty in planning and operation of the power system. Several models for wind power forecasting using artificial neural networks have been presented with promising results. This paper presents the use of an ensemble approach to improve the results obtained by models using artificial neural networks, specifically reservoir computing. Reservoir computing is a new paradigm that offers an intuitive methodology for using the temporal processing power of RNNs without the inconvenience of training them. The main issue of using ensemble approach is the consideration of accuracy and diversity of individual predictors which constitute an ensemble.

395
Improving transfer learning accuracy by reusing Stacked Denoising Autoencoders
Transfer learning is a process that allows reusing a learning machine trained on a problem to solve a new problem. Transfer learning studies on shallow architectures show low performance as they are generally based on hand-crafted features obtained from experts. It is therefore interesting to study transference on deep architectures, known to directly extract the features from the input data. A Stacked Denoising Autoencoder (SDA) is a deep model able to represent the hierarchical features needed for solving classification problems. In this paper we study the performance of SDAs trained on one problem and reused to solve a different problem not only with different distribution but also with a different tasks. We propose two different approaches: 1) unsupervised feature transference, and 2) supervised feature transference using deep transfer learning. We show that SDAs using the unsupervised feature transference outperform randomly initialized machines on a new problem. We achieved 7% relative improvement on average error rate and 41% on average computation time to classify typed uppercase letters. In the case of supervised feature transference, we achieved 5.7% relative improvement in the average error rate, by reusing the first and second hidden layer, and 8.5% relative improvement for the average error rate and 54% speed up w.r.t the baseline by reusing all three hidden layers for the same data. We also explore transfer learning between geometrical shapes and canonical shapes, we achieved 7.4% relative improvement on average error rate in case of supervised feature transference approach.

396
Impulse noise removal using sparse representation with fuzzy weights
Many impulse noise removal algorithms do not reach good denoising performance mainly due to the imperfect filters they adopted. In this paper, the popular used sparse representation model is extended for impulse noise removal by using a fuzzy weight matrix. This fuzzy weight is used to describe the noise-like level of the current pixel, and to determine how much information of this pixel should be used in the sparse land model. Besides, a regularization term which counts the proximity between the reconstructed image and the noisy image is also added into the sparse model. This makes the proposed model more robust to the noise detector which generates the fuzzy weight matrix. Moreover, unlike other sparse model, the dictionary used in our model is trained from some reference images that keep the similar structure information of the original image. Therefore, it is more suitable for reconstructing the original image. Simulation results show that our method is superior to all the tested state-of-the-art impulse noise removal methods.

397
Incorporating local and global geometric structure for hyperspectral image classification
The highly correlated data structure makes the computational cost of hyperspectral image (HSI) much complex. The need of effective processing and analyzing of HSI has met many difficulties and become an open topic in the community of high dimensional data analysis. Local structure has shown great efficiency in feature extraction. Yet recent progress has also demonstrated the importance of global geometric structure in discriminant analysis. Thus, both the locality and global geometric structure are critical for dimension reduction. In this paper, a novel linear supervised dimensionality reduction algorithm, called Locality and Global Geometric Structure Preserving (LGGSP) projection, is proposed for dimension reduction. LGGSP encodes not only the local discriminant information into the optimal objective functions, but also the global margin information. To be specific, two adjacent graph (viz., similarity matrix and variance matrix), are constructed to detect the local intrinsic structure, simultaneously, a graph matrix to capture the global margin of different classes. Experimental results on both benchmark data sets and the real hyperspectral image data set demonstrate the effectiveness and practicability of proposed scheme.

398
Individualized arm shells towards an ergonomic design of exoskeleton robots
This paper introduces a novel method to generate individualized upper extremity exoskeleton structures. This approach aims to overcome micro-misalignments in wearable design technology caused by inter-subject variability. Geometric dimensions of the patient's forearm are measured using a stereo camera and infrared reflecting markers. Surfaces are generated using Delaunay's Triangulation and converted into an STL -file for 3D printing in order to be a more compatible design and produce a swift development of custom-fit exoskeleton structures. This paper summarizes the design steps of individualized structures that could be implemented in future exoskeleton designs. The fitting accuracy was compared to that of non-individualized shells by applying an 8 kg weight onto the worn shells. Results showed a significantly larger pressure distribution and lower maximum pressure among individualized shells compared to non-individualized shells, which results in a 5% higher tolerance to applied pressure of the exoskeleton.

399
Inexpensive user tracking using Boltzmann Machines
Inexpensive user tracking is an important problem in various application domains such as healthcare, human-computer interaction, energy savings, safety, robotics, security and so on. Yet, it cannot be easily solved due to its probabilistic nature, high level of abstraction and uncertainties, on the one side, and to the limitations of our current technologies and learning algorithms, on the other side. In this paper, we tackle this problem by using the Multi-integrated Sensor Technology, which comes at a low price. At the same time, we are aiming to address the lightweight learning requirements by investigating Factored Conditional Restricted Boltzmann Machines (FCRBMs), a form of Deep Learning, that has proven to be an efficient and effective machine learning framework. However, due to their construction properties, the conventional FCRBMs are only capable of performing predictions but are not capable of making classification. Herein, we are proposing extended FCRBMs (eFCRBMs), which incorporate a novel classification scheme, to solve this problem. Experiments performed on both artificially generated as well as real-world data demonstrate the effectiveness and efficiency of the proposed technique. We show that eFCRBMs outperform popular approaches including Support Vector Machines, Naive Bayes, AdaBoost, and Gaussian Mixture Models.

400
Information fusion in human-robot collaboration using neural network representation
In this paper, an algorithm for hard and soft data fusion is developed for tracking moving objects using hard data from sensors on autonomous agents and soft data from human observations. Two main challenges are identified and addressed in this paper: 1. how to model the human observation, 2. how to estimate state using soft data and fuse it with the state estimates from the sensors on autonomous agents (e.g., a camera sensor). A novel approach is developed to model perceived human observations to the real physical states using artificial neural networks (ANN). A particle filter (PF) is used to estimate a moving target's state based on range and bearing observation data from a human observer and an EKF is used to estimate the target state using on-board camera sensor. The range measurement is represented using Kumaraswamy's double bounded distribution. The state estimates computed based on a model of human observation learned by an ANN are fused with the state estimates from the on-board sensors using a fast covariance intersection (CI) algorithm. The CI algorithm yields consistent fused estimates in the absence of unknown correlations between state estimates obtained using human measurements and robot sensor measurements. The performance of the developed algorithms is validated on a target tracking simulation platform.

401
Information-theoretic multi-layered supervised self-organizing maps for improved prediction performance and explicit internal representation
In this paper, we propose a new information-theoretic method to train multi-layered neural networks. The method is composed of unsupervised and supervised phase. In the unsupervised phase, the information-theoretic SOM is used to produce knowledge or SOM knowledge in terms of connection weights. In the supervised phase, connection weights obtained in the unsupervised phase are given as the initial connection weights. We applied the method to the segmentation data in machine learning database. The information-theoretic SOM produced connection weights with explicit class boundaries even for the higher layers. By these connection weights, networks reached their lower level of classification errors very rapidly. In addition, the classification error was lower by the choice of the appropriate number of layers.

402
Informative path planning with a human path constraint
One way for a human and a robot to collaborate on a search task is for the human to specify constraints on the robot's path and then allow the robot to find an optimal path subject to these constraints. This paper presents an anytime solution to the robot's path-planning problem when the human specifies a path constraint and an acceptable amount of deviation from this path. The robot's objective is to maximize information gathered during the search subject to this constraint. We first discretize the path constraint and then convert the resulting problem into a multi-partite graph. Information maximization becomes a submodular orienteering problem on this topology structure. Backtracking is used to generate an efficient heuristic for solving this problem, and an expanding tree is used to facilitate an anytime algorithm.

403
Integrating Particle Swarm Optimization with Learning Automata to solve optimization problems in noisy environment
Particle Swarm Optimization (PSO) is a brilliant evolutionary algorithm adaptable to various kinds of optimization problems in distinct fields. However, when facing noisy environments, its performance suffers from unexpected noise. To address this issue, one of the widely-used mechanisms is the resampling method that is based on the fact that the true objective value can be achieved by re-evaluations. Such method allocates a fixed number of re-evaluations before running but cannot change allocations according to the current environment adaptively. It may result in the waste of re-evaluations allocated to unpromising candidate particles. This paper proposes a novel hybrid approach by integrating PSO with Learning Automata (LAs) in noisy environments. LAs are well-known for their self-adaption, automatic learning capability as well as low computational complexity. They are able to converge in different situations. The proposed hybrid approach achieves much faster convergence than the existing ones by performing fewer re-evaluations in simple environments than in complex one automatically. This mechanism enables it to find the best particle efficiently. With its self-adaption and automatic learning capability, it leads to a more accurate and faster algorithm. Besides, its distinct selection mechanism helps it achieve a significantly lower computational complexity than that of the-state-of-the-art resampling methods. Through experiments on 20 large-scale benchmark functions subject to different levels of noise, it is validated that, the proposed approach is able to achieve much better performance results in terms of accuracy and convergence rate than the existing ones.

404
Integration of evolutionary computing and reinforcement learning for robotic imitation learning
This paper proposes an evolutionary reinforcement learning method by combining Estimation of Distribution Algorithm and Reinforcement Learning. The Reinforcement Learning method in our method is based on Policy Improvement with Path Integrals (PI2). Estimation of Distribution Algorithm is incorporated into this reinforcement learning method to improve the generation of roll outs with certain noises. This method can accelerate the converging of the learning results and improve the overall system performance. Additionally, this method provides a potential solution to integrate the exploratory evolutionary algorithms and the greedy policy learning method. The proposed method is applied in a robotic imitation learning experiment in this paper and the experimental results demonstrate the effectiveness and robustness of our proposed algorithm.

405
Interaction system of mechatrnics-system embedded building blocks (“mechatro-tsumiki”)
We have developed a kind of building block named “mechatro-tsumiki”, made of wooden material in which a mechatronics system is embedded. The mechatronics system can make the “mechatro-tsumiki” blocks show various reactions against player's operation such as rotating, stacking, and line-up, and also can make the blocks interact with each other. Using three types of “mechatro-tsumiki” blocks, some applications are demonstrated in this study.

406
Interactive multi-robot command and control with quasi-natural command language
Commanding and controlling a multi-robot system (MRS) is a challenging task with complexity increasing progressively as the number and the heterogeneity of robots in the system increases. A natural language-based interactive command and control system that allows a human operator the ability to focus on mission-critical tasks while directing the activities of the MRS is an essential tool to deal with the complexity inherent in a MRS operation. A controlled natural language is an efficient and intuitive way to interact with systems. We have developed and evaluated such a language for giving robots high level orders as well as for adjusting robot behavior with respect to those high level tasks. As additional support, a scheduling system based on genetic algorithms helps the user by suggesting an efficient schedule for all planned tasks and by keeping track of the resources required. In addition, we have also designed a mechanism to aggregate and fuse the information gathered by the robots so that the aggregated information can be sent to the commander formulated using our controlled language, thus enhancing situation awareness without overwhelming the commander with all the myriad details the multi-robot system gathers.

407
Interfaces to medical information systems: Supporting evidenced based practice
This paper describes the development and initial evaluation of an interface to medical information related to cardiovascular health. The interface, which is designed to be used on a touch tablet, uses principles of Ecological Interface Design to create an interface that addresses cardiovascular health at multiple functional levels: specific test values, general state of health based on a published epidemiological model of risk, and treatment guides based on published standards of best practice. The evaluation focused on the value of providing multiple functional levels for making judgments about cardiovascular risk.

408
Internet of things in home automation and energy efficient smart home technologies
This paper explores the history and implementation of the Internet of Things and how it can be used in home automation. Smart homes can have great benefits for energy and water management, comfort and conveniences, and even for helping impoverished people save money on their basic needs, which will be explored later on in the paper. The conclusion of the paper reviews modern technology and determines how close implementation actually is.

409
Interval-valued intuitionistic trapezoidal fuzzy number and its application
In this paper, we propose the new type of fuzzy number, intuitionistic trapezoidal fuzzy number(ITFN) and interval-valued intuitionistic trapezoidal fuzzy number(IVITFN), study some properties of them, and investigate some algebraic operations between two IVITFNs. We also present the sorting criteria for IVITFN based on its definition. Finally, we use our proposed IVITFN and algebraic operation to assess production line, the experiment results show that our proposed method is effective and available.

410
Intrusion detection system using Honey Token based Encrypted Pointers to mitigate cyber threats for critical infrastructure networks
Recent advancements in cyberspace impose a greater threat to the security of critical infrastructure than ever before. The scale of damage that could be done on these infrastructures by well-planned cyber-attacks is enormous. Most of the research work done for the security of these critical infrastructures focuses on conventional security measures. In this paper, we designed an Intrusion Detection System (IDS) that is based on the novel approach of Honey Token based Encrypted Pointers to prevent critical infrastructure networks from cyber-attacks particularly from zero day cyber threats. These honey tokens inside the frame will serve as a trap for the attacker. All nodes operating within the working domain of critical infrastructure network are divided into four different pools. This division is based according to their computational power and level of vulnerability. These pools are provided with different levels of security measures within the network. IDS use different number of Honey Tokens (HT) per frame for every different pool. Moreover every pool uses different types of encryption schemes (AES-128,192,256) etc. We use critical infrastructure network of 64 nodes for our simulations. We analyzed the performance of IDS in terms of True Positive and False Negative Alarms. Finally we test this IDS through Network Penetration Testing (NPT). This NPT is accomplished by putting the critical infrastructure network of 64 nodes directly under the zero day cyber-attacks and then we analyze the behavior of the IDS under such realistic conditions. The IDS is designed in such a way that it not only detects the intrusions but also recovers the entire zero day attack using reverse engineering approach.

411
Investigation into Blood Pressure variability in Japan and Bangladesh by ICT based healthcare systems
Blood Pressure readings are widely accepted as a measure to determine the risk of non-communicable diseases such as hypertension and stroke. Affordable healthcare devices and sensors allow individuals to monitor blood pressure at home or at a local service point on a daily basis. ICT based healthcare systems interpret the readings and give feedback to individuals or may trigger a telemedicine call to a remote doctor. This paper introduces case studies for ICT healthcare studies undertaken in Japan and Bangladesh. Blood Pressure data collected by the Omron WellnessLink (500,000 readings) and the Kyushu University/Grameen Portable Heath Clinic (21,252 readings) are examined for similarities and differences. The results show similarities in gender and temporal influences. Males have higher blood pressure and readings appear to be rhythmic according to day and month. The differences indicate that the mean Systolic Blood Pressure (SBP) for Japanese males is higher than Bangladesh males and SBP for Bangladesh females is higher than Japanese females. The impact of climate is stronger on Japanese SBP than Bangladesh SBP. The Bangladesh data shows progressive increase in SBP in each ten year age category until 80 years; this is also reflected by BMI categories. The study reveals that affordable devices connected to basic ICT based healthcare systems reveal underlying factors in the Blood Pressure variability.

412
Invited speakers
Provides an abstract for each of the invited presentations and a brief professional biography of each presenter. The complete presentations were not made available for publication as part of the conference proceedings.

413
Iris categorization with texton representation
A key concern with iris recognition systems is the time required to reliably find a test sample's match in a large database of subjects. This work considers methods for categorizing irises within a database, so that a search for a match to a test sample can be focused on the test sample's category. This work uses texton learning to reduce the representation of the images and then clusters the images with the unsupervised k-means technique. Success of the system is assessed as its ability to consistently classify images from the same subject. This work includes experiments to determine the optimal number of textons and image clusters. It also investigates different accuracy metrics and analyzes the potential time saving impacts for finding a database match.

414
Iris recognition using Level Set and hGEFE
In this paper, we deploy a Fuzzy C-Means Clustering with a Level Set (FCMLS) method in an effort to localize the nonideal iris images accurately. We apply Genetic and Evolutionary Feature Extraction (GEFE), a method that evolves Local Binary Pattern (LBP) based feature extractors in order to elicit the most discriminating biometric features. In addition, a hybrid Genetic and Evolutionary Feature Weighting/Selection (GEFeWS) method is applied to select and weight the most important features. GEFeWS uses a genetic and evolutionary computation (GEC) to evolve a population of real-coded feature masks (FMs). We apply GEFeWS on features extracted by GEFE, and we refer to this technique as hybrid GEFE/GEFeWS, or hGEFE. Results show that hGEFE provides a significant increase in recognition accuracy while reducing the number of features being used when compared to just using GEFE alone.

415
Is the El Farol more efficient when cognitive rational agents have a larger memory size?
Recently, there has been an increasing interest in applying cognitive modelling approaches towards the understanding of the behaviour of agents in complex systems. In this paper we employ a cognitive modelling approach in a representative instance of such systems namely in the El Farol bar problem. We establish a relationship between agents and strategies, by defining the degree of belief of agents in the correctness of strategies, and devise a concept of rationality inspired in cognitive emotion theories, by conceptualizing the belief threshold by which agents must change its current strategy. We investigate whether a larger memory size increases market efficiency. We test this by systematically evaluating fifteen different treatments in which we gradually increase the memory size of cognitive agents. Interestingly, we found that the benefits of having a larger memory size are somehow limited. The results did not provide us with sufficient evidence to state that the El Farol bar is more efficient when cognitive rational agents have a larger memory size.

416
Is verification a requisite for safe adaptive robots?
This paper argues in favour of using formal methods to ensure safety of deployed stochastic policies learned by robots in unstructured environments. It has been demonstrated that multi-objective learning alone is not sufficient to ensure globally safe behaviours in such robots, whereas learning-specific methods yield deterministic policies which are less flexible or effective in practice. Under certain restrictions on state-space, modelling safety using probabilistic computational tree logic and ensuring such safety via automated repair can overcome these shortcomings. Promising results are obtained on a realistic setup and pros and cons of such method are discussed.

417
Iterative cost update method of generalized Kelly mechanism for fair utility resource allocation
We consider a resource allocation problem that ensures a fair utility among selfish agents who share a divisible resource. When the available resource is limited and the required amount of the resource cannot be allocated to agents, resource management is an important issue in multiagent systems. If there are selfish agents who want to maximize their utilities, we must prevent their behavior to realize a fair resource allocation. In this paper, we propose a fair utility resource allocation mechanism based on the generalized Kelly mechanism. In the proposed mechanism, the resource allocation is determined by a resource manager (RM) based on the resource requests of all agents, and the resource allocation problem is formulated as a resource allocation game. In the resource allocation game, we show uniqueness of a fair utility resource allocation which satisfies that the corresponding resource request is a Nash equilibrium and is equal to the resource allocation. Moreover, we assume that RM cannot know the utility functions of agents, but can calculate their utilities after the resource allocation. Using these results, we introduce a cost update function which realizes the fair utility resource allocation. By using simulations, we demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed mechanism.

418
JADE-JBossESB gateway: Integration of multi-agent system with enterprise service bus
The paper presents a framework for integration of JADE-based multi-agent platform with the JBossESB Enterprise Service Bus. The framework provides means for wrapping the JADE agent system in the JBossESB service and transforming the agent messages to ESB messages and vice versa. This enables an agent wrapped in the ESB service to send a message to another ESB service or to another agent residing within a different service. Such framework is used in the ARUM project focused on adaptive production planning and scheduling in complex small-lot manufacturing industries, such as aircraft manufacturing. The scheduler service internally designed as a multi-agent system utilizes the presented gateway to communicate with other services over the ESB, namely with the ontology service providing it with the data from legacy systems.

419
Joint EEG-fMRI model for EEG source separation
Electroencephalography (EEG) offers a rich representation of human brain activity in the time domain. EEG would in many circumstances be the preferred technique for analysing brain activity, as it is less expensive and more practical to use than other modalities like functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging (fMRI), notably due to its size. However, its spatial resolution is limited, hampering its ability to characterise activity across spatially distributed brain networks. In comparison, functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging (fMRI) offers very good spatial resolution but the haemodynamic nature of the signal limits its temporal resolution to the order of seconds. A possible solution to this problem is to use both EEG and fMRI signals, but this approach would lead to the loss of convenience of EEG alone. We would like to bring in the advantages of fMRI signal into EEG assessment of brain state and brain responses without the necessity for the presence of the fMRI equipment on site. In this article, we propose a joint statistical model of fMRI/EEG signals and then exploit the learnt correlations to improve the results of signal processing of EEG on its own. We compare the performance of a Blind Source Separation (BSS) method on its own with one, which uses our joint EEG-fMRI model, and show the improvement in the precision of the source separation.

420
Keynotes
Provides an abstract for each of the keynote presentations and a brief professional biography of each presenter. The complete presentations were not made available for publication as part of the conference proceedings.

421
Kinect-based midair handwritten number recognition system for dialing numbers and setting a timer
This paper presents a Kinect-based midair handwritten number recognition that can be used to dial a phone number and set a countdown timer. When cooking in the kitchen, making a phone call or setting a kitchen timer is often inconvenient. This number recognition system was based on previous studies of television remote controls. An average recognition accuracy of 94.6% was achieved for each number by using multiple segments and scaled coding. Two Android apps were developed for the recognition system. In addition, the four-direction recognition system developed in a previous study was improved, increasing the recognition reliability. Experimental results verified the effectiveness of the system.

422
Kinematic characteristics of motion in the mirror game
We present the analysis of data collected in the mirror game setting. In our set-up two players are asked to mirror each other movements (with or without a designated leader). First, we study kinematic characteristics of motion of individual players, and next we investigate how they are affected by interactions between the players. Results of the presented analysis will be used to inform the design of interactive virtual players with kinematics based on the similarity principle.

423
Kinematic properties and control for reconfigurable robotic system
This paper presents the kinematic aspects of reconfigurable manipulators such as workspace, manipulability and singularity properties. These properties are calculated and shown in 3D figures. Variable control structures are designed for reconfigurable robotic systems. These robotic systems combine as many properties of different open kinematic structures as possible and can be used for a variety of applications. The kinematic design parameters, i.e., their Denavit-Hartenberg (D-H) parameters, can be modified to satisfy any configuration required to meet a specific task. By varying the joint twist angle parameter (configuration parameter), the presented model is reconfigurable to any desired open kinematic structure, such as ABB, Stanford and SCARA robotic systems. The joint angle and the offset distance of the D-H parameters are also modeled as variable parameters (reconfigurable joint). The resulting self-reconfigurable robotic system hence encompasses different kinematic structures and has a reconfigurable joint to accommodate any required application in medical technology, space exploration and future manufacturing systems among others. A 3-DOF reconfigurable robotic system is constructed and demonstrated as a case study which covers all possible open kinematic structures. SMC controllers were developed based on estimated, bounded models and on computed torque method. This research is intended to serve as a foundation for future studies in reconfigurable control systems.

424
Knowledge-based automatic performance evaluation for medical training debriefing
Manikin-based medical simulation has been shown to benefit the knowledge, skills and attitudes of the learner, and to impart favourable patient effects. A vital component of any training simulation is the after-session discussion with trainees to debrief their performance. In this study we develop a rule-based debriefing tool for improving the efficacy of medical training sessions. Unlike most existing de-briefing tools, the tool presented here has been designed to reduce medical trainer assessment time and to improve evaluation accuracy through a largely automated evaluation of trainee performance. The developed tool is acknowledged by the School of Medicine of Deakin University as an important advancement in assisting medical trainers carry out the debriefing process effectively and efficiently.

425
Lane positioning in highways based on road-sign tracking using Kalman filter
This paper proposes a localization of a vehicle on highway in the cross-sectional direction for the purpose of recognizing the driving lane. By tracking road signs over the highway, the relative position between the vehicle and the sign is calculated and the absolute position is obtained based on the a priori known information of the road sign as traffic regulations for installation. The proposed method uses Kalman filter for road sign tracking, analyzes the motion using the pinhole camera model, and classifies the type of the road sign using ORB (Oriented fast and Rotated BRIEF) features. Then, the driving lane is recognized from the relative position of the vehicle with the road sign. The experiments performed on videos acquired from real-world highway driving demonstrate that the proposed method is capable of compensating the limit of GPS positioning.

426
Language-related glossokinetic potentials on scalp
Glossokinetic potential (GKP) is the potential response generated from tongue movements. The tongue is one of main articulators determining the sound of spoken language, and tongue-oriented GKP can severely interfere electroencephalography (EEG) signals involved in language-related tasks. To clarify the relation between GKP and language, and provide information such that what kinds of phonemes evoke GKP response and where the response can be observed, we investigate GKP responses from various phonemes. In detail, we record EEG signals when the tongue touches each place of articulation (the reference points used for the categorization of consonants in phonetics), then analyze their spatial and scale patterns. The results showed pronouncing dental, palato-alveolar, and palatal consonants evokes potential decrease in the frontal region, and potential increase in the occipital region. On the other hand, pronouncing retroflex consonant evokes potential increase in the frontal region, and decrease in the occipital region. We believe that the surveyed GKP patterns will be useful for developing artifact removal techniques eliminating language-related artifacts. The GKP removal could be beneficial for neuroscience in language processing, implementing brain-computer interface in real-world condition, and developing a novel silent speech recognition technique.

427
Learning nonlinear dynamical system for movement primitives
Learning from demonstration requires reproduction of a movement in the new situation. We present an approach based on dynamic movement primitives (DMP) and Gaussian mixture model (GMM) to learning the movement from demonstration. The original DMP model use only one demonstration to generate the dynamical system of motion primitive. Our work extend the generalization ability by capturing the characteristic of movement from several demonstrations of the same skill. We test our method on the mini-jerk trajectories of static and moving target and on data collected from nonholonomic mobile robot simulator. These experiments show that our method can improve the generalization of the basic motion primitives which is crucial to the application of imitation learning.

428
Learning styles for e-learning systems over virtual desktop infrastructure
By introducing the technology of the virtual desktop infrastructure (VDI) to e-learning systems, the identical learning environment can be??provided to the learner at any time, and at any place, and also even if the learner stops learning or working, he can restart it by different terminals including different operating systems. On the other hand, the quality of screen images on the desktop would be affected by the quality of service (QoS) of the network, since the screen images are transferred to the client from the server by their transfer protocol. In this paper, we discuss the influence of the QoS upon the learning styles caused by the usability over the VDI. By constructing the experimental network using network emulators, we evaluate and discuss the influence of the QoS such as a round trip delay time (DT) and a bandwidth (BW) upon learning style measured by the quality of experience (QoE). As a result, we clarify the relationships between the QoS of the network and the QoE of the e-learning styles.

429
Leveraging cloud computing for spatial association mining
Explosive growths in geospatial data, followed by the emergence of social media and location sensing technologies, have emphasized the need to develop new and computationally efficient methods for analyzing big spatial data. Spatial association mining serves as a useful tool for discovering correlations and interesting relationships among spatial events and/or features. This paper presents an algorithmic framework that discovers spatial association patterns from large-scale spatial data on clusters of commodity machines.

430
Linking attention to physical action in complex decision making problems
Embodied interaction concerns the way that user senses the environment, acquires information, and exhibits intention by means of physical action. In a complex decision making scenario, which requires maintaining high level of attention continuously and deep understanding about the task and its context, the use of embodied interaction has the potential to promote thinking and learning. Creating a framework that allows decision makers to interact with information using the whole body in intuitive ways may offer cognitive advantages and greater efficiency. This paper proposes such a computational framework based on a Bayesian approach (coined BAN) to infer operators' focus of attention based on the operators' physical expressions. Then, utility theory is adopted in order to determine the best combinations of interaction modalities and feedback. Experiments involving five physical interaction modalities (touchless, glove-based, and step gestures, speech, and body balance) and two feedback modalities (visual and sound) were conducted to assess the proposed framework's performance. This also includes the likelihood of assessed attention from enhanced BANs and task performance as a function of the interaction and control modalities. Results show that physical expressions have a determining factor in the quality of the solutions in spatio-navigational type of problems.

431
Local map extrapolation in dynamic environments
We present a generative approach to perform robot mapping that is based on an intelligent integration of static and dynamic entity classes within an environment, in order to extrapolate map information at various resolutions. Our framework differentiates from the conventional standpoint where different mapping levels are overlaid on one another, by fusing information from different mapping levels that allows us to infer new information within partially mapped environments. Towards this goal, we develop a class-dependent map extrapolation function that captures the discriminative relation between an environment entity and the mapping procedure. We illustrate the advantages in using heterogeneous contextual information when mapping an environment using a prototype implementation of our approach on an indoor robot platform, giving very promising results.

432
Local representativeness in vector data
The amount of large-scale real data around us is increasing in size very quickly, as is the necessity to reduce its size by obtaining a representative sample. Such sample allows us to use a great variety of analytical methods, the direct application of which on original data would be unfeasible. Conventional sampling methods provide non-deterministic results trying to preserve selected characteristics of the input dataset. We present a novel, simple, straightforward and deterministic approach with the same goal. It is not sampling in the true sense but a reduction of vector data, which maintains very well internal data structures (clusters and density). The approach is based on analyzing the nearest neighbors. Our suggested x-representativeness then takes into account the local density of the data and nearest neighbors of individual data objects. Following that, we also present experiments with two different datasets. The aim of these experiments is to show that the x-representativeness can be used to deterministically reduce the datasets to differently sized samples of representatives, while maintaining properties of the original datasets.

433
Localization method for mobile robots moving on stairs in multi-floor environments
This paper presents about the localization technology to estimate the positions of the mobile robot that is able to navigate through the multi-floor spaces, for expanding the application ranges of the robots. For this purpose, the mobile robots can use some maps having some information about the spaces in advance. In this paper, the maps are divided into two types according to the application; as to one, it is the grid-based map that represents the locations and the structures of objects in the robot surroundings with each floor. The other is the inter-floor map containing the stairs data to help the robot move into other floors. And the localization method is consisted of the floor and the inter-floor localizations. The floor localization uses the particle filter method to estimate the robot position in each floor. And the inter-floor localization can help the robot safely move to other floors by recognizing the stairs and change the coordinate system. Finally we performed the experiments in the multi-floor office spaces to verify the effectiveness of the proposed localization method by using the robot with the caterpillar wheels and the maps.

434
Logic-probabilistic model for event recognition in a robotic search and rescue scenario
This paper presents initial results towards the development of a logic-based probabilistic event recognition system capable of learning and inferring high-level joint actions from simultaneous task execution demonstrations on a search and rescue scenario. We adopt a probabilistic extension of the Event Calculus defined over Markov Logic Networks (MLN-EC). This formalism was applied to learn and infer the actions of human operators teleoperating robots in a real-world robotic search and rescue task. Experimental results in both simulation and real robots show that the probabilistic event logic can recognise the actions taken by the human teleoperators in real world domains containing two collaborating robots, even with uncertain and noisy data.

435
Long tail and small world characteristic of mobile internet traffic dynamics
With the wide spread of user-friendly mobile devices and applications, the broadband cellular network experiences a pronounced growth of traffic volume, and consumes a large amount of energy. To cope with these two challenges, it is important to understand the resource usage of base stations, which is the first step to manage the radio spectrum resources and network infrastructure efficiently. In this paper, we first use the Pearson's correlation to measure the dependency between base stations on the time variance of traffic load, which is the most direct pattern of resource usage in the cellular data network. By concentrating the analysis on relatively higher linear dependency between base stations, we construct a network in which the vertex and edge represents the base station and significant correlation of traffic dynamic between base stations, respectively. We characterize it in a way of weighted network, and considering the spatial deployment of base stations as well. Our findings are interesting and valuable. Specifically, such a network shows a “long tail” degree distribution, “small world” phenomenon and low modularity. And the spatial deployment of base stations has significant impact to the edge weight, rather than the topology.

436
MDCT image based assessment of acetabular cup orientation in total hip arthroplasty
Total hip arthroplasty (THA) is an orthopaedic surgery which replaces the damaged hip joint with implants. The acetabular cup is implanted to the acetabulum. Some studies show that the outcome of THA is strongly correlated to the orientation of the acetabular cup. This paper proposes a fully automated method for measuring the orientation using multidetector-row computed tomography (MDCT) images. The method defines the pelvic anatomical coordinate system using anterior pelvic plane (APP), and measures angles between the cup implanting axis and the pelvic anatomical coordinate axis. The angles are inclination angle and anteversion angle. The method was applied to two phantoms in which the acetabular cup was implanted to the artificial bone. We acquired multiple set of MDCT image for the same phantom with changing the pelvic pose in the MDCT scanner to evaluate the reproducibility. The standard deviations of measured angles in multiple acquisitions were less than 2.0 deg for both of the inclination and the anteversion angles.

437
MR defecography registration for computer-aided diagnosis of pelvic floor disorder
Over the last decades, the interest in the use of the defecography for the investigation of defecation problems and pelvic floor disorders has increased. The MR defecography assists in the diagnosis of pelvic floor weakening, fecal incontinence, painful defection and genital prolapse. To identify an abnormal morphological variation of the structures relevant for the diagnosis, the radiologist derives several static measures at different moments and at different maneuvers during the exam. However, there is a poor agreement between independent observers for the measurement of the anorectal angle, which is a critical parameter for the interpretation of the defecography. With the aim of reducing the inter-observer variability and assisting the radiologist in the interpretation of the MR defecography for the diagnosis of fecal incontinence, we propose calculating dynamic changes of anorectal junction during the defecation activity. To that end we propose to propagate, automatically, the location of pre-defined landmarks throughout the frames of the MR defecography, for each maneuver, via image registration based on variational model. The analysis of the results shows that our proposal was well succeeded in the propagation of the initial landmarks and to calculate the dynamic changes during each maneuver.

438
Machine learning and image processing in astronomy with sparse data sets
Automated classification systems have allowed for the rapid development of digital large sky surveys. Such systems increase the independence of human intervention in the analysis stage of star and galaxy classification. Artificial neural networks, hierarchical classifiers and ensembles of classifiers have been used as the methods of classification in these systems. This paper investigates the development of an automated classification system for galaxies in astronomical images based on the method of sparse representation. The dependency of classification based on image enhancement by the alpha-rooting, heap-, and paired-transforms is secondarily investigated.

439
Marine environment monitoring using Wireless Sensor Networks: A systematic review
During the past decade, marine environment monitoring has attracted more and more researchers around the world and various marine environment monitoring systems have been developed. Traditionally, an oceanographic research vessel is used to monitor marine environments, which is very expensive and time-consuming and has a low resolution both in time and space. Wireless Sensor Networks (WSNs) have recently been considered as a promising solution for this purpose since they have a number of advantages such as easy deployment, unmanned operation, real-time monitoring, and relatively low cost. This paper first describes a common architecture of WSN-based oceanographic monitoring systems and a general architecture of an oceanographic sensor node. Then, it presents a detailed review of some related projects, systems, and technologies. It also highlights major challenges and research opportunities on the development and deployment of wireless sensor networks for marine environment monitoring.

440
Marine pilot trainee's mental workload for simulator based training using R-R interval
The purpose of this study is that we grasp the value of mental workload for pilot trainee (PT) using a heart rate monitor when they drill in a ship-handling simulator, and that we evaluate the effectiveness of the simulator to supply the place of a real ship based on a trend of the mental workload. The R-R interval data of subjects with a heart rate monitor have accumulated while they train for three months. The data is processed by Spline function interpolation and MEM (Maximum Entropy Method), and then we calculate LF/HF value of the data. The calculated value evaluates mental workload; we originally set a standard value and some values over the value show subject's stress condition. We summarize the number of times of subject's stress condition, and find the trend of their mental workload compared with the events of simulator scenarios for ship handling. Finally, we analyze a period when subjects feel stress, and simulator scenario where they are not good at ship handling.

441
Maximum-entropy-based multiple kernel fuzzy c-means clustering algorithm
For the single kernel based clustering methods, the selection of kernel parameters largely affects the clustering results. To address this issue, a new multiple kernel fuzzy c-means clustering algorithm is proposed, in which the maximum entropy method is used to regularize the kernel weights and decide the important kernels. A new objective function is developed to simultaneously minimize the within cluster dispersion in the kernel space and maximize the kernel-weight-entropy. Thus, the optimal clustering results have been yielded and the important kernels are extracted according to the optimal assignment of kernel weights. Experiments on synthetic `nonspherical' shaped datasets have demonstrated the efficiency and superiority of the presented algorithms.

442
Mean shift-based single image dehazing with re-refined transmission map
Bad weather (eg., fog and haze) significantly degrades the quality of outdoor images taken by camera, leading to the fact that most automatic systems, which strongly depends on the definition of the input images, fail to work normally. Thus, the improvement of the dehazing technology is highly desired. To overcome the disadvantages of traditional dark channel priorbased algorithm, we propose a more efficient dehazing algorithm combining dark channel prior and mean shift segmentation. Firstly, we take the operation of white balance on the input haze image to reduce the negative influence of color cast. Secondly, we use the mean shift segmentation algorithm to separate the sky regions from the foreground in the transmission map, which is obtained with the dark channel prior-based approach. Thirdly, we enhance the brightness of the sky regions in the transmission map independently and use guided image filtering to smooth the map. Finally, we restore the image with the re-refined transmission map. The experimental results demonstrate that the proposed approach is better able to handle the sky regions and solve the problem of color cast compared with the typical dehazing algorithms.

443
Measurement on the border effect of transboundary water resources: A case study of China's Zhanghe basin
Due to the difference of resource endowment, social and economic development, interests appeal and decisions, etc., the impact of administrative border on unified management of basin is very remarkable. So in fact, the main goal to realize unified management is to break administrative border and to realize coordinated development of cross-regional water resources. In this paper, taking Zhanghe basin as an example, and Zhanghe basin is the place where the conflict of water resources is very serious. Barro regression and gravity model are used to measure border effect in the process of unified management, and to explore the impact of administrative border on unified management of transboundary water resources. The result shows: there are remarkable border effects in the process of unified management about water resources in Zhanghe basin, especially the border effects between Shanxi and Henan, Shanxi and Hebei. With the changing form of conflict of water resources, border effects show the rising trend. Finally, some suggestions are proposed to decrease the impact of border effect on conflict of water resources, such as clearing the initial water rights, strengthening unified management of basin, building coordinated organization of water resources and elevating public engagement.

444
Measuring 2D:4D finger length ratios with Smartphone cameras
Finger length ratios have received much attention among researchers as the 2D:4D ratio has been linked to several physical and mental characteristics. This study explores the feasibility of using a Smartphone as an instrument for measuring finger length ratios. The approach taken in this study is to use the Smartphone camera to take freehand photos of the hand which is subsequently subjected to image analysis. Measurement procedures include hand near and far from the body, palms up or down, or hands in mid air versus hands resting on a flat surface. Experimental evaluations show that the most accurate measurements are achieved by resting the hand on a surface with the palm facing up. These results are comparable to those achieved with conventional procedures with an error of 1%.

445
Method sequence generation for multiple object states using dynamic symbolic execution
Software testing in object-oriented programming requires not only test input data, but also method sequences. Method sequences create new instances and change object states as desired. Method sequence generation to get desired object states is challenging. Seeker is one of the state-of-the-art implementation to generate test cases with method sequences. However, the technique generates method sequences to change a value of only a single variable. Therefore, it cannot cover the branches that need to modify values of multiple variables. In this paper, we extend the technique in order to cover branches which require multiple desired object states. The proposed approach detects all related variables in uncovered branches and uses a fitness function to give method sequences an evaluation value to reduce candidate methods. We applied Seeker and the proposed approach to four open source projects. The result shows a 1-5% improvement of branch coverage over Seeker and also indicates that the effectiveness of the proposed approach varies depending on some specific features of projects.

446
Mindmetrics: Identifying users without their login IDs
Authentication to a computing system is composed of two parts, identification and verification. Traditionally, login IDs have been used for identification and passwords for verification. Many schemes have been proposed to improve both parts, but they may require specialized devices or they may not be always reliable. We propose a method that can augment the current password-based system by strengthening the identification process. It utilizes personal secret data instead of a login ID to identify a user uniquely, hence mindmetrics. It then asks the user to choose a correct login ID among multiple choices of partially obscured IDs. Since it does not accept a login ID during the authentication process, a stolen or cracked password cannot be used for gaining an access to the computing system unless the attacker provides a correct identification material, i.e., mindmetrics token. This additional step raises the security of an authentication system considerably over single or double password systems. Since the stolen passwords cannot be used immediately by the attackers, account holders can have extra time to change their passwords before the attackers gain an access. This scheme does not require any specialized hardware and can be implemented easily. It may be used where biometrics schemes cannot be used cost-effectively, e.g., on public e-commerce web sites. Mindmetrics scheme separates the identification server and the verification server, thus it is scalable to a large system. We implemented a proof-of-concept system and evaluated it with test users. The survey indicates that the system is not as intrusive as other schemes, users feel better protected, and they are willing to use the scheme on public web sites.

447
Minimal role playing logic in Role-Based Collaboration
Role-Based Collaboration (RBC) is a computational thinking methodology where roles provide an underlying mechanism to facilitate abstraction, classification, separation of concerns, dynamics, and interactions. From a meta theoretical perspective, the specification of groups, roles and agents is a critical element of RBC. In consideration of the relationships and hierarchies faced by groups, roles and agents, we propose a minimal role playing logic system (MRPL) through substructural logic, which is polynomial in complexity, in support of RBC. From MRPL and RPLs extending from it, there are three levels of application, i.e., the global level governing how people organize agents to form a group; the concatenative level for role assignment with respect to logic and algebra, and the operational level governing properties, relations and structures that should appear in collaborative system design. From MRPL to RPLs, one can extend it to suit other appropriate applications.

448
Mixing PSO and Tabu search technique and its application to estimation of carrier frequency offsets for uplink OFDMA system
A new approach named MPSO-TS, which combines the advantages of particle swarm optimization (PSO) in global search, Tabu search (TS) technique in local search, and the mutation operation in improving solution diversity, is presented in this study. Experimental result obtained with ten benchmark functions illustrates that the proposed MPSO-TS is superior to other optimization schemes. Further, MPSO-TS is applied to estimate the carrier frequency offsets (CFOs) of the uplink orthogonal frequency division multiple access (OFDMA) system. Experimental results indicate that MPSO-TS not only can achieve the best performance but also spends the minimum CPU time per generation as compared to the existing PSO-based optimization approaches.

449
Mobile Robotic Rehabilitation Assistant for walking and orientation training of Stroke Patients: A report on work in progress
As report on work in progress, this paper describes the objectives and the current state of implementation of the ongoing research project ROREAS (Robotic Rehabilitation Assistant for Stroke Patients), which aims at developing a robotic rehabilitation assistant for walking and orientation exercising in self-training during clinical stroke follow-up care. This requires strongly user-centered, polite and attentive social navigation and interaction behaviors that can motivate the patients to start, continue, and regularly repeat their self-training. Against this background, the paper gives an overview of the constraints and requirements arising from the rehabilitation scenario and the operational environment, a heavily populated multi-level rehabilitation center, and presents the robot platform ROREAS which is currently used for developing the demonstrators (walking coach and orientation coach). Moreover, it gives an overview of the robot's functional system architecture and presents selected advanced navigation and HRI functionalities required for a personal robotic trainer that can successfully operate in such a challenging real-world environment, up to the results of ongoing functionality tests and upcoming user studies.

450
Mobile graphics game with peer-to-peer android based collaborative system
Smart phones combine graphics interaction with mobility and provide an opportunity for collaborative social interaction in small groups. They also provide an opportunity to implement virtual games with multiple participants nearby because smart phones can be used as an input and an output device. This paper presents an Android application called Droid Hold'em. Droid Hold'em utilizes a peer-to-peer architecture combined with voice recognition software to create an interactive system. The application implements the popular version of poker known as Texas Hold'em that is a common game played at social gatherings. This android application allows participants to interact in the social environment without any additional assistance needed to participate in the group activity. The implementation consists of two phases. The first is the development of a peer-to-peer communications API (Application Programming Interface) that can be used and reused by any application that wishes to utilize peer-to-peer communication. The second is to develop the Droid Hold'em game itself, which will utilize a tablet to serve in place of a poker table, and phones as game interfaces for each individual player. Because of the voice recognition and voice feedback used in our system, smart devices may have universal appeal, and may also be useful for Blind and the Visually Impaired (B/VI) community to engage on equal footing with their sighted peers.

451
Mode confusion in driver interfaces for adaptive cruise control systems
In this study, we developed a new driver interface for an adaptive cruise control system that suppresses mode confusion, based on a formal method for analyzing the correctness and succinctness of the interface and information. In the finite-state transition model for the interface, the states were grouped into a set of modes, each of which consists of the states that transition to the same state for the same user-triggered event. To test the mode awareness of our new interface and compare it with the mode awareness of a conventional interface, a set of human-in-the-loop experiments were conducted in a simulated environment using a driving simulator.

452
Model-based vs auto-tuning design of PID controller for knee flexion during gait
This paper discusses the derivation of a theoretical model of the movement of the shank, i.e. the lower part of the leg, around the knee joint. The objective is to control the angle of the shank with respect to the position of the upper leg. Subsequently, two types of design techniques are used to design a PID controller for the derived system: a model-based design method and an autotuner technique. The resulting PID controllers are compared by simulating a squat movement and a normal gait.We conclude that both PID controllers perform similar but the control effort for the auto-tuner technique presents a smoother course. However, the main advantage of the PID auto-tuner technique is that no mathematical transfer function model is necessary in order to tune the controller.

453
Modeling after sales customer satisfaction using multinomial logistic regression insights from a South African car company
Automobile industry is an integral component of the South African economy. The industry contributes 6 to 7% to the country's economy and is occupied by major international automobile companies. In this highly competitive industry, insights into overall after sales customer satisfaction is of great value to the companies to better serve customers and retain their competitive advantage. Following established researches in the field of customer satisfaction, this paper views overall after sales customer satisfaction as a function of the various dimensions of service quality. Subsequently Multinomial Logistic Regression is used to study the effect of these dimensions of service quality on the overall after sales customer satisfaction. The results show that customers value more the technical and behavioral competencies of the service staff, rather than the physical infrastructure and physical appearance of the service staffs.

454
Modeling and processing of time interval data for data-driven decision support
Over the past decades, several disciplines like artificial intelligence, music, medicine, ergonomics or cognitive science dealt with problems concerning analyses of data associated with time intervals. Topics like pattern recognition, comparison, quality, or visualization are in focus of current research. Using these techniques in the context of data-driven decision support is quite rare even though the importance of data to support better decision making can be enormous. Reasons lie above all in limited insufficient tooling support, expensive data processing, and inapplicable requirements. In this paper, we discuss the use of time interval data and name difficulties arising when processing such data for data-driven decision support. We discuss and present solutions for overcoming the identified problems and enabling the usage of time interval data for data-driven decision support. We introduce a time interval data analysis model that provides fast access to the raw time interval data but especially to aggregated time series, mostly needed when making meaningful decisions.

455
Modeling decline dynamics of a Teaching Material Sharing Network in lack of perceived new innovations
Teaching material sharing networks (TMSNs) are a class of co-creating social networks (CSNets) which have made significant impacts on human civilization, where a network member is both content user and contributor. To understand and manage a TMSN, Chen and Chang, 2013, has developed a generalized Bass diffusion model (GBDM) embedded Discrete Time Markov chain (DTMC) to describe its growth dynamics of membership and content volume from the introduction to saturation stage. This paper is focused on modeling the dynamics of decline, which has two root causes of member leaving in lack of new teacher material (TM) uploads, defined as perceived innovations (PIs), and no retention once a member leaves. Our novel modeling methodology extends GBDM to describing the growth of leaving probability with the lack of new PIs and adds to DTMC a sink state to capture the no retention phenomenon. Key innovation of the GBDM extension lies in the embedding in its innovation coefficient term with an auto-regression (AR) model of PIs with time-discounting coefficients on new TM upload quantities over a number of recent time periods. Continuously low PI values over a few periods will lead to a high coefficient value of GBDM and hence high leaving probability. Simulation study verifies that teacher's leaving probability is high with small time-discounting coefficients of AR model which means small PI. The AR model captures the small PI will lead to the network decline. Furthermore, sustained monthly TM upload above a threshold is a critical to decline mitigation. To increase TM uploads per month, incentives design to attract member sharing are discussed, and it is helpful for application to co-creation network management.

456
Modeling human lane keeping control in highway driving with validation by naturalistic data
This paper considers two models of steering control relevant to lane-keeping during normal driving. The first is well-known from the literature and uses linear feedback. To test whether the model is capable of representing real-world driving under conditions of lane-keeping with low workload, parameter fitting is carried out using naturalistic driving data (NDD). It is found that the model can fit the NDD quite well, and that two of the three control parameters may be estimated in a consistent and repeatable way. The lack of fit in the third parameter is explained by the recognition that lane-center tracking does not occur in practice; hence response to lane boundaries is considered more relevant. However the instability of the resulting closed-loop controller calls into question the validity of the linear model. Further, it is found that the linear model does not adequately represent the intermittent pulse-like qualities of real-world steering control. Based on these considerations, a second model is formulated and initial comparisons with NDD are presented. It is proposed that the new model may inherently take account of workload demands, and is therefore relevant to issues of visual attention allocation during driving under reduced workload.

457
Modeling misperception of options and preferences in the graph model for conflict resolution
The standard graph model for conflict resolution is enhanced to model misperception of options and preferences. In particular, misperception caused by unknown options by one or more decision makers (DMs) is formally defined in the modified graph model framework. Moreover, DMs' preferences are expressed in a relative fashion by pairwise comparisons among any pair of states. That is, the modified graph model can handle both transitive and intransitive preference structures. Furthermore, three sets of equilibria are defined within the modified graph model, namely, steady, unsteady, and stealthy equilibria. The aim of identifying equilibria sets is to ascertain the first level hypergame equilibria for the modified graph model. The 2011 conflict between North and South Sudan over South Sudanese oil exports is studied using the modified graph model to illustrate the applicability of the model and to gain better insight into and understanding of the dispute.

458
Modeling of missing data prediction: Computational intelligence and optimization algorithms
Four optimization algorithms (genetic algorithm, simulated annealing, particle swarm optimization and random forest) were applied with an MLP based auto associative neural network on two classification datasets and one prediction dataset. This work was undertaken to investigate the effectiveness of using auto associative neural networks and optimization algorithms in missing data prediction and classification tasks. If performed appropriately, computational intelligence and optimization algorithm systems could lead to consistent, accurate and trustworthy predictions and classifications resulting in more adequate decisions. The results reveal GA, SA and PSO to be more efficient when compared to RF in terms of predicting the forest area to be affected by fire. GA, SA, and PSO had the same accuracy of 93.3%, while RF showed 92.99% accuracy. For the classification problems, RF showed 93.66% and 92.11% accuracy on the German credit and Heart disease datasets respectively, outperforming GA, SA and PSO.

459
Modular deep Recurrent Neural Network: Application to quadrotors
A modular deep Recurrent Neural Network (RNN) is introduced to facilitate the process of deploying various architectures of RNNs, and to automatically compute derivatives for gradient-based learning methods. The modularity leads to a set of new architectures, one of which includes feedforward inter-layer connections. By adding feedforward inter-layer connections in a multi-layer RNN, it is observed that the capability of the RNN to learn and model high-order dynamics and nonlinearities is significantly improved. The problem of vanishing/exploding gradient in space for a multilayer RNN is also alleviated using feedforward connections. These results are demonstrated using a quadrotor case study, for which a model of the altitude dynamics is learned with our particular network structure, while existing methods are unable to generalize as quickly or at all.

460
Monophonic sound source separation by non-negative sparse autoencoders
Monophonic sound source separation is an essential subject on the fields where sound, such as voice, music and noise, is dealt with. In particular, unsupervised approaches to this problem have high versatility in comparison with supervised approaches. Non-negative matrix factorization is the most frequently used algorithm for the monophonic sound source separation without prior knowledge. This is also applied to various applications, including data clustering, face recognition, gene expression classification. However, non-negative matrix factorization cannot be efficiently used in online learning. In order to solve this difficulty, the non-negative sparse autoencoder was proposed in the literature. Although several successful applications have been reported, this is not yet applied to the monophonic sound source separation. This paper shows that the non-negative sparse autoencoder can perform the monophonic sound source separation without prior knowledge in online learning.

461
Motion reproduction by human demonstration based on discrete hidden Markov model for nursing-care assistant robot
Generating motions for nursing-care assistant robot in hospital environment is a challenge. The cost of teaching an unexperienced user to operate the robot skillfully is very high. In this research a Discrete HMM (DHMM) is trained on samples of skilled operator and then the robot motions is reproduced by the DHMM and related algorithms generating optimum state sequence, Key Motion Frames (represented by discrete output symbols) and interpolated robot joint trajectories. The proposed motion generation method has a simple framework which allows the engineer customize the trajectories by editing key motion frames according to different requirements of tasks. This endows the robot the ability that utilize the skills of experienced operator adaptively in similar situations.

462
Movement similarities and differences during social interaction: The scientific foundation of the ALTEREGO European project
Schizophrenia, autism, or social phobia are typically accompanied by social interaction deficits. The objective of the AlterEgo European project is the creation of an interactive cognitive architecture, implementable in various artificial agents, allowing a continuous interaction with patients suffering from social disorders by virtue of changes in behavioral (robot-based) as well as morphological (avatar-based) properties of that agent. Here we present the scientific foundations of the project and its four main experimental steps. The results of the first similarity experiments are reported, which show that healthy participants functionally adapt their social motor interaction when they interact with agents (real or artificial) morphologically and behaviorally similar to, or different from, them. These results obtained with healthy participants have consequences for the rehabilitation of socially deficient patients.

463
Multi-Layer Perceptron Neural Network and nearest neighbor approaches for indoor localization
Most range-free techniques for indoor localization depend on the received signal strength (RSS) fingerprints. Their performances are relied to the structure of the considered indoor environments. We consider in this paper RSS-based methods: Multi-Layer Perceptron Neural Network (MLPNN), and K-nearest neighbor (KNN), and compare their performance under the same indoor environment. One of the advantages focused by the choice of these techniques is their robustness against external disturbances that may affect the received RSS signal. Moreover, we propose a new metric to enhance the performance of the KNN method, called d-nearest neighbor. In order to test the different techniques, we build a heterogeneous fingerprint database with different resolutions. The obtained results show the efficiency of the proposed enhancement in the case of a heterogeneous high resolution database.

464
Multi-agent path planning in unknown environment with reinforcement learning and neural network
Path planning of multi-agent is much harder than single-agent. Reinforcement learning (RL) is a popular method for it. However, it cannot solve the path planning problem directly in unknown environment. In this paper, neural network (NN) is applied to estimate the unvisited space. The traditional multi-agent reinforcement learning is modified by the neural approximation. The path planning of this paper includes two stages: we first use RL to generate training samples for NN; then the trained NN gives an approximate action to agents. The advantage of this method is we do not need to repeat RL for the unvisited state. Experiment results show the proposed algorithm can generate suboptimal paths in the unknown environment for multiple agents.

465
Multi-objective reinforcement learning for acquiring all Pareto optimal policies simultaneously - Method of determining scalarization weights
We recently proposed a multi-objective reinforcement learning method for acquiring all Pareto optimal policies simultaneously by introducing the concept of convex hulls into Q-learning method. In this method, state-action value vectors are obtained through learning only once, and then each Pareto optimal policy is derived through scalarizing the obtained state-action value vectors by using a weight vector. The method does not require learning more than once, and finds all the Pareto optimal policies by determining weight vectors adequately and by giving them in scalarizing the obtained state-action value vectors. This paper proposes a method of determining the scalarization weight vectors. The performance of the proposed method is evaluated through numerical experiments.

466
Multi-rate medium access protocol based on reinforcement learning
Many wireless devices employ multi-rate techniques to improve network performance. However, despite the significant amount of research aimed at dynamically adjusting the transmission rate, the majority of this effort considers neither the competing nodes in wireless mesh networks nor the congestion in the nodes. This work employs distributed intelligent agents to observe the surrounding environment in order to dynamically adjust the individual node transmission rates. Reinforcement learning is employed to control the way each node updates its transmission rate based on the transmission rate of the adjacent node as well as the traffic load. This work is validated through extensive simulations that compare the proposed model with three of the most widely cited schemes. The results indicate significant improvement in system throughput.

467
Multi-resolution fusion of DTCWT and DCT for shift invariant face recognition
A novel Multi-Resolution Fusion (MRF) of Dual-Tree Complex Wavelet Transform (DTCWT) and Discrete Cosine Transform (DCT) is introduced in this paper. Shift invariant multi-scale feature set is obtained using 2D DTCWT. Subsequently, discriminant DCT coefficients are extracted to map the high dimensional features into low dimensional subspace. The resulting feature vector contains non-redundant discriminative information and is small in size. Therefore, the proposed face recognition technique exhibits computational efficiency, low storage requirement along with high recognition rate under varying shift conditions. It also provides robustness to expression and illumination change. The performance evaluation is accomplished on four standard face databases. Experimental results show significant performance improvement over existing well-established face recognition methods under varying conditions.

468
Multi-scale patch based box kernels for hyperspectral image classification
Integrating labeled pixels with prior knowledge of hyperspectral spatial homogeneous regions, we propose a region-based hyperspectral image classification method, called the support vector machine with the multi-scale patch based box kernel (SVM-MPBK). It models the local homogeneous region of each pixel as a box, and measures the similarity between different box regions using box kernel. The box is represented as multidimensional intervals computed band by band in a neighborhood pixel patch. Using multi-scale patches to calculate box, SVM-MPBK fuses the complementary classification results in different scales by a majority voting. Experimental results on benchmark hyperspectral data sets demonstrate the effectiveness of SVM-MPBK.

469
Multi-sensor fusion in safety monitoring systems at intersections
As urbanization increases, urban traffic has become increasingly dense and dangerous. Motivated by the problem of traffic congestion, this work develops a safety monitoring systems for use at intelligent intersections that is based on a laser range finder and a camera. An artificial neural network (ANN) is used to execute an algorithm that classifies data from the laser range finder (concerning, for example, vehicles and bikes). To compensate for data loss and obstruction of the line-of-sight of the laser range finder, template matching is applied to classify the objects in the images of the camera. Also, the system transmits the image from the camera, compressed by vector quantization, as well as status in real time to remote control sites through a wireless network and a 3G mobile network for drivers and a control center. Finally, the laser range finder and the camera are integrated in a manner consistent with Bayesian theorem to improve the reliability of classification.

470
Multiagent-based ABC algorithm for Autonomous Rescue Agent Cooperation
This paper focuses on cooperation among autonomous rescue agents in dynamic disaster environments, proposes Multiagent-based Artificial Bee Colony (M-ABC) algorithm by improving ABC algorithm without using global information (i.e., local information only), and investigates its effectiveness from the viewpoint of finding victim quickly and efficiently. The intensive simulations on the victim rescue in RoboCup Rescue Simulation System (RCRSS) have revealed the following implications: (1) M-ABC algorithm can rescue victims faster than the full search method as the conventional method. In particular, M-ABC distance (as one of the proposed M-ABC algorithms) can derive the highest performance; (2) M-ABC distance can keep high performance even in dynamical environments where victims move elsewhere; and (3) M-ABC distance can completely rescue victims in dynamical environments, while Ri-one method as the 2012 champion of RoboCup Rescue Simulation League (RCRSL) cannot in such a case.

471
Multimodal 3D histogram for moving object detection
Moving object detection is a popular research area due to its vast application in computer vision. Based on application areas, a number of moving object detection methods have been discovered. This work proposes a real-time method based on 3D histogram and temporal multiple mode selection, suited towards a vast majority of dynamic and noisy backgrounds, congested backgrounds and slow foregrounds. It is a generalization of [1] demonstrating improved performance. The temporal distribution of a video sequence can provide a history of the foreground motion and relatively static background. However, a dynamic background is identified by multiple intensity levels in the temporal distribution, and hence, cannot be properly modeled by a single histogram mode. The proposed multiple mode selection process involves identifying the dominant modes of the temporal distribution and assigning them to a multimodal background. The work provides a detailed analysis of the proposition, a clear description of the proposed algorithm and an extensive number of tests with some of the well-known methods in literature. It also demonstrates the improvement over its predecessor in several types of scenarios covered by a large number of datasets. Both qualitative and quantitative comparisons are carried out to demonstrate the applicability and accuracy of the proposed method.

472
Multimodal approach to image perception of histology for the blind or visually impaired
Currently there is no suitable substitute technology to enable blind or visually impaired people (BVI) to interpret visual scientific data commonly generated during lab experimentation in real time, such as performing light microscopy, spectrometry, and observing chemical reactions. This reliance upon visual interpretation of scientific data certainly impedes BVIs from advancing in careers in medicine, biology and chemistry. To address this challenge, a real-time multimodal image perception system is developed to transform the standard lab blood smear image for persons with BVI to perceive, employing a combination of auditory, haptic, and vibrotactile feedbacks. These sensory feedbacks are used to convey visual information in appropriate perceptual channels, thus creating a palette of multimodal, sensorial information. A Bayesian network is developed to characterize images through two groups of features of interest: primary and peripheral features. Then, a method is conceived for optimal matching between primary features and sensory modalities. Experimental results confirmed this real-time approach of higher accuracy in recognizing and analyzing objects within images compared to tactile papers.

473
Multiple criteria optimization in analysis of conflict associated with Al-Tharthar reservoir operation
Al-Tharthar reservoir together with much smaller Al-Habbaniya reservoir play vital role in securing water supply to agricultural users in a downstream basin of joint Euphrates-Tigris river basin. High dependency of farmers on water provided from the reservoirs causes permanent conflict of interests between short-term objective of the farmers to maximize their agricultural production and long-term goal of the reservoir operator to secure water supply in the future. Operation policy of the reservoir serves on one side as the mechanism to balance these two conflicting objectives, and as a tool to make decisions about water distribution among users. To improve efficiency of the reservoir operation, the research focused on various modifications of the existing operation policy has been undertaken. Since the results of the reservoir operation can be evaluated using 34 criteria, a Multiple Criteria Analysis of Discrete Alternatives tool has been applied to evaluate results of the operation policy modifications. The paper will present details of the research approach and conclusions reached in a course of the study.

474
Multiple-model Q-learning for stochastic reinforcement delays
The main contribution of this work is a novel machine reinforcement learning algorithm for problems where a Poissonian stochastic time delay is present in the agent's reinforcement signal. Despite the presence of the reinforcement noise, the algorithm can craft a suitable control policy for the agent's environment. The novel approach can deal with reinforcements which may be received out of order in time or may even overlap, which was not previously considered in the literature. The proposed algorithm is simulated and its performance is compared to a standard Q-learning algorithm. Through simulation, the proposed method is found to improve the performance of a learning agent in an environment with Poissonian-type stochastically delayed rewards.

475
Multisensors realtime data fusion optimization for IOT systems
This study proposed an IoT (Internet of Things) system for the monitoring and control of the aquaculture platform. The proposed system is network surveillance combined with mobile devices and a remote platform to collect real-time farm environmental information. The real-time data is captured and displayed via ZigBee wireless transmission signal transmitter to remote computer terminals. This study permits real-time observation and control of aquaculture platform with dissolved oxygen sensors, temperature sensing elements using A/D and microcontrollers signal conversion. The proposed system will use municipal electricity coupled with a battery power source to provide power with battery intervention if municipal power is interrupted. This study is to make the best fusion value of multi-odometer measurement data for optimization via the maximum likelihood estimation (MLE).Finally, this paper have good efficient and precise computing in the experimental results.

476
Multispectral iris recognition utilizing hough transform and modified LBP
This paper presents a multispectral iris recognition scheme using Circular Hough Transform (CHT) and a modified Local Binary Pattern (mLBP) feature extraction technique. The CHT is used to localize the iris regions from the multispectral iris images. We also apply the binary thresholding and edge detection techniques in an effort to reduce the effects of over and under segmentation in multispectral iris images in which iris and pupil boundaries are not clearly separable. Furthermore, we apply mLBP in an attempt to elicit the iris feature elements. The mLBP technique combines both the sign and magnitude features for the improvement of iris texture classification performance. The identification and verification performance of the proposed scheme is validated using a multispectral iris dataset of 3120 images.

477
Muscle and electrode motion artifacts reduction in ECG using adaptive Fourier decomposition
The reduction of the muscle and electrode motion artifacts in ECG using the adaptive Fourier decomposition (AFD) is investigated. This is an extension of our previous work, in which AFD is first proposed for ECG denoising and its effectiveness in filtering out the additive Gaussian white noise is tested. This paper studies the AFD-based ECG denoising method for two types of ECG noise due to the electrode movement and the muscle contraction which are common and important in practice. In addition, some rules on the selection and adjustment of the AFD decomposition level are proposed. The tests on the MIT-BIH Arrhythmia Database indicate that this AFD-based denoising scheme performs better than the Butterworth lowpass filter, the wavelet transform and the empirical mode decomposition methods for ECG denoising with the muscle movement and electrode motion artifacts.

478
Nash-reinforcement learning (N-RL) for developing coordination strategies in non-transferable utility games
Social (central) planning is normally used in the literature to optimize the system-wide efficiency and utility of multi-operator systems. Central planning tries to maximize system's benefits by coordinating the operators' strategies and reduce the externalities, assuming that all parties are willing to cooperate. This assumption implies that operators are willing to base their decisions based on group rationality rather than individual rationality, even if increased group benefits results in reduced benefits for some agents. This assumption limits the applicability of social planner's solutions, as perfect cooperation among agents is often infeasible in real world. Recognizing the fact that decisions are normally based on individual rationality in human systems, cooperative game theory methods are normally employed to address the major limitation of social planner's methods. Game theory methods revise the social planner's solution such that not only group benefits are increased, but also there exists no agent whose cooperative gain is less than his non-cooperative gain. However, in most cases, utility is assumed to be transferrable and the literature has not sufficiently focused on non-transferrable utility games. In such games parties are willing to cooperate and coordinate their strategies to increase their benefits, but have no ability to compensate each other to promote cooperation. To a good extent, the transferrable utility assumption is due to the complexity of calculations to find the best response strategies of agents in non-cooperative and cooperative modes, especially in multi-period games. By combining Reinforcement Learning and Nash bargaining solution, this paper develops a new method for applying cooperative game theory to complex multi-period non-transferrable utility games. For illustration, the suggested method is applied to two numerical examples in which two hydropower operators seek developing a fair and efficient cooperation mechanism to- increase their gains.

479
Necessary and sufficient conditions for the design of cooperative shared control
In a shared control system humans and machines cooperatively interact. From the control theoretic point of view this can be seen as a system which is controlled by several controllers that are either formed by a human or by a machine. Since all controllers influence the system they affect each other. However, the human parts are given and cannot be changed. Therefore, the question is how to design the non-human controller systematically stable and without experiments. In this paper a design concept for these controllers is proposed which is based on game theoretic modeling. We show that adding a controller to the overall system has to lead to a Nash equilibrium. We further show that remaining degrees of freedom may then be used to optimize the designed controller with respect to a certain global objective function that specifies the demands of the system designers. Based on this idea necessary and sufficient conditions for cooperative shared design are stated. Practical approaches to solve the design problem are presented for real world problems. An example shows the applicability of the concept.

480
Network analysis approach to study hospitals' prescription patterns focused on the impact of new healthcare policy
Understanding hospitals' relationships is critical to the analysis of public healthcare environment. There have been many attempts to analyze medical environment at a personal level. Recently, at an organizational level, there has been some advance in research into examining a relationship between hospitals. However, the formation of linkages is restricted to explicit and direct interactions. In contrast, we focused on implicit information flows between hospitals. This study also analyzes large scale hospital networks based on prescribing similarity. The sample dataset we used is the trustworthy representative of actual population in Korea. We assessed the impact of Drug Utilization Review (DUR) on hospital network characteristics. We examined National Inpatient Sample (NIS) dataset for before-DUR year (2010) and after-DUR year (2011). Various network metrics and performance measures are calculated for the two years. Generated hospital networks of the two years were significantly different in terms of both network metrics and performance measures, except for a riskiness measure. In network clustering result, Spearman's correlation coefficients indicated that network metrics can be used to evaluate hospitals having extreme prescription patterns. We anticipate our novel approach allows us to better understand public healthcare environment.

481
Networked unknown input observer analysis and design for time-delay systems
The insertion of communication networks in the feedback loops of control systems is a defining feature of modern control systems. These systems are often subject to unknown inputs in a form of disturbances, perturbations, or attacks. The objective of this paper is to analyze and design an observer for networked systems with unknown disturbances and inputs. The network effect can be viewed as either a perturbation or time-delay to the exchanged signals. In this paper, we focus on the time-delay representation of the network. First, we review an Unknown Input Observer (UIO) design for non-networked system from the UIO literature. Second, we derive the dynamics of the UlO-based NCS, also referred to as Networked Unknown Input Observer (NetUIO). Third, we design the NetUIO such that the effect of higher delay order terms are nullified, assuring that the effect of the unknown inputs on the plant state estimation is minimized. Fourth, we derive a bound on the maximum allowable time-delay for the NetUIO. Finally, a numerical example is shown to illustrate the usefulness of the proposed model.

482
New method for intellectual content driven generic product model generation
Strong demand for definition of multidisciplinary products in virtual engineering environments enforced development of product models towards higher level of abstraction in product lifecycle management (PLM) systems. In order to achieve this, the requirement, functional, logical, and physical (RFLP) structure was included in leading industrial product models. Modeling of product in RFLP structure extended product related problem solving by systems engineering (SE) methodology. This change was grounded by the application of active knowledge (AK) features in feature driven product models. Modeling by AK features established knowledge control at the generation of product component and structure (PCS) features. In this changed scenario, new challenge is development of knowledge driven procedures for the generation of RFLP structure elements. Current leading PLM systems provide dialogues for RFLP element definition and means for including procedures and knowledge for the generation of these elements. Knowledge is product, company, project, and engineer specific and constitutes intellectual property (IP) at companies. Consequently, it should be defined at application environment. The Laboratory of Intelligent Engineering Systems (LIES) joined to the research in abstraction concepts and RFLP element generation methods and widely published the results. This paper introduces a new method for the knowledge communication between human definition and generation of R, F, L, and P elements. This method is based on an abstraction concept which was developed and published at the LIES. It applies the new initiative, behavior, context, and action (IBCA) structure in order to realize a new abstraction which allows for development of knowledge representation of procedures for RFLP element generation. IBCA structure elements and their connections fill the gap between engineer requirement and associated knowledge definition and elements of RFLP structure.

483
Node centrality awareness via swarming effects
Centralization is a weakness in large scale dynamic topologies and, thus, collaboratively electing at runtime the most impactful (central) nodes is necessary to ensure reliability. However, little has been achieved in measuring the centrality of nodes in an accurate, fast, decentralized and with low overhead method. This paper proposes a swarm-inspired approach (DANIS) to detect the nodes that would most impact the network connectivity if removed. The idea lies on the trivial fact that the more accessible a node is, the more resources per time unit it loses. Experiments on random, scale-free and small-world graph topologies indicate that DANIS achieves higher accuracy, faster convergence and fewer communication overhead compared to other methods.

484
Nomadic point cloud calibration
We introduce a mobile device for visual calibration of a large amount of high resolution digital images to support point cloud generation. This external nomadic device provides additional calibration information to be fed into standard 3D scene reconstruction software. Thus, gaps of non-overlapping camera images can be bridged for the calibration process. Point cloud processing significantly speeds up by reducing algorithmic complexity and manual interactions. We show a performance evaluation of an appropriate nomadic image calibration device demonstrator. Finally, we present the 3D reconstruction of a former in-ground mine for archaeological research as an application.

485
Non-invasive optical methods for brain-machine interfacing and imaging
Optical methods are becoming powerful clinical tools for non-invasive diagnosis and brain-computer interfacing. The recent development of near infrared spectroscopy, optical coherence tomography, and photoacoustic imaging enable quantitative mapping of brain activity and microscale histological imaging. In this work, we presented principles and applications of these optical methods.

486
Non-linear control of a Narrow Tilting Vehicle
Narrow Tilting Vehicles (NTVs) are the convergence of a car and a motorcycle. They are expected to be the new generation of city cars considering their practical dimensions and lower energy consumption. But considering their height to breadth ratio, in order to maintain lateral stability, NTVs should tilt when cornering. Unlike the motorcycle's case, where the driver tilts the vehicle himself, the tilting of an NTV should be automatic. Two tilting systems are available; Direct and Steering Tilt Control, the combined action of these two systems being certainly the key to improve considerably NTVs dynamic performances. Focusing on the lateral dynamic of NTVs, multivariable control strategies based on linear robust control theory, were already proposed in the literature, assuming decoupling with the longitudinal dynamic. In this paper a 4 DoF model of the main longitudinal and lateral dynamics is considered, and its differential flatness is demonstrated. The three flat outputs have furthermore a particular physical meaning, making possible the design of a simple external control loop complying with the driver demands.

487
Non-linear neighborhood component analysis based on constructive neural networks
In this paper, we propose a novel non-linear supervised metric learning algorithm. The algorithm combines the neighborhood component analysis method with constructive neural networks which gradually increase the network size during the training process. The network aims to maximize a stochastic variant of the leave-one-out K-nearest neighbor (KNN) score on the training set. In this way, the proposed algorithm learns a nonlinear metric for KNN classification, overcoming the limitations of traditional metric learning algorithms which are only capable of learning linear transformations. Therefore, the proposed method is more flexible and powerful in transforming data than its linear counterpart. Moreover, it can also learn a low-dimensional non-linear mapping for visualization and fast classification. We validate our method on several benchmark datasets both for metric learning and dimensionality reduction, and the results demonstrate the competitiveness of the proposed approach.

488
Non-planar multi-agent formation control using coning graphs
This work provides a solution to a non-planar multi-agent layered sensing and formation control problem using coning graphs. In particular, the problem addressed consists of one agent coordinating the actions of other interacting agents which are operating in a different plane. The objective is for the agents to cooperatively acquire a pre-defined formation shape using a decentralized control law. The proposed control strategy is based on inter-agent distances for single-integrator agent model and consists of formation acquisition term for non-planar agents. The simulation results that support the proposed approach are presented.

489
Nonlinear dynamics of human creativity
The nonlinear dynamical approach to creativity considers it as the processes responsible for the producing effective novelty, as well as the control mechanisms that regulate novelty production. Merely novel information display surprise and incongruity, to be sure, but they must also be meaningful. We present the Dynamical Origin of Creativity (DOC) hypothesis in application to music improvisation/ composition and poetry. The corresponding dynamical models are based on the general cognitive principles: transitivity, existence of metastable states, robustness and sensitivity to available information.

490
Nonlinear signal processing method for medical image enhancement
The medical field has long used a variety of imaging methods, including X-ray, PET, CT and MRI, for diagnoses. Video cameras inserted into the body are also used during treatment. The problem is that the resolutions of the images and video produced by these methods are almost always insufficient in some way. Enhancer is a typical technology for improving image quality. It is cost effective and has been widely used. However, Enhancer does not actually increase the resolution. It just amplifies high-frequency elements and is not effective on blurry images. If one wants to really improve the resolution of a blurry image, it is necessary to create high-frequency elements that the original image does not have. In this paper, we propose a novel nonlinear signal processing method that can create such high-frequency elements that the original image does not have. It is sufficiently simple to be installed in real-time video systems such as gastroscopic camera systems.

491
Novel autonomous navigation algorithms in dynamic and unknown environments
Because the range of mobile robot sensor is limited and the navigation map is not accurate, autonomous navigation in dynamic and unknown environment is a big challenge. In this paper, we propose two novel autonomous navigation algorithms, which are based on the analysis of three conditions for unobserved and uncertainty environment during the navigation. The algorithm for dynamic environment uses the “known space” and “free space” conditions. It corrects false obstacles in the map when conventional path is stuck. The navigation algorithm for unknown environment uses the “unknown space” and “free space” conditions. We use Monte Carlo method to evaluate the performance of our algorithms and the other methods. Experimental results show that our autonomous navigation algorithms are better than the others.

492
Novel design of a Model Reference Adaptive Controller for soft tissue operations
Model Reference Adaptive Controllers (MRAC) have dual functionality: besides guaranteeing precise trajectory tracking of the controlled system, they have to provide an “external control loop” with the illusion that it controls a physical system of prescribed dynamic properties, i.e., the “reference system”. The MRACs are designed traditionally by Lyapunov's 2nd method that is mathematically complicated, requiring strong skills from the designer. Adaptive controllers alternatively designed by the use of Robust Fixed Point Transformations (RFPT) operate according to Banach's Fixed Point Theorem, and are normally simple iterative constructions that also have a standard variant for MRAC design. This controller assumes a single actuator that is driven adaptively. Master-Slave Systems form a distinct class of practical applications, in which two arms-the master and the slave-operate simultaneously. The movement of the master must be tracked precisely by the slave in spite of the quite different forces exerted by them. In the present paper, a soft tissue-cutting operation by a master-slave structure is simulated. The master arm has a simple torque-reference friction model, and is driven by the surgeon. The obtained master arm trajectory has to be precisely tracked by the electric DC motor driven slave system, which is in dynamic interaction with the actual tissue under operation. It is shown via simulations that the RFPT-based design can efficiently solve such tasks without considerable mathematical complexity.

493
Numerical analysis focused on each agent's moving on refuge under congestion circumstances by using cellular automata
The objective of this paper is studying about people's behavior on evacuation under congestion circumstances. In the event of natural disasters such as earthquakes, typhoon hits, fire, and so on, people try to take refuge to safe place. Under these circumstances, if congestion or accidents by panic occur, it may take time for people to get out of dangerous spaces depending on the degree of the congestion. In underground shopping areas or in skyscrapers, taking evacuation time causes higher risk of death. It is necessary to achieve efficient refuge taking account of various conditions and possible situations. In this study, the authors suggest a new computing process of simulation to focus on how people move in the evacuating situation. This new process proposes how people behave in or near the congestion. Furthermore, we see the validity of the simulation and the results of analysis.

494
Obfuscation by code fragmentation to evade reverse engineering
Software distributed can be reverse engineered using software analyzing tools, thereby letting an adversary understand the logic of the program and finding the vulnerabilities in the program. Control flow obfuscation is one of the techniques that can obscure the program so that the reverse engineering tools get an erroneous result while analyzing the program. In this paper, we propose a binary obfuscation algorithm that makes it difficult to reverse engineer the programs. The basic idea is to fragment the binary code by moving instruction sets from various parts of the program to a new code block. The control flow, to and from the new code block, is camouflaged using dynamic instruction modification during runtime. Experimental results indicate that the algorithm performs well against reverse engineering attacks by standard tools.

495
Object identification by 3D LIDAR using nested infinite Gaussian mixture model
For an autonomous mobile robot that works in real-world environment, recognition of its surrounding environment is necessary. This paper presents an object identification system, which can identify known and unknown objects and estimate their locations using 3D point cloud data acquired from a 3D LIDAR sensor mounted on the mobile robot. The proposed system is divided into two main steps; the first step is segmentation based on the 3D point cloud and the second step is identification of the extracted objects. The 3D LIDAR sensor gives sparse 3D shape information accurately, and covers a wide range. One of the main problems of such data is that the object shape information varies according to object's orientation and distance from the sensor. To solve this problem, we use nested infinite Gaussian mixture models for object identification. The experimental results show that the proposed system can extract various types of objects and identify both known and unknown objects.

496
Observer-based stabilization for linear systems with large delay periods
This paper is concerned with the observer-based stabilization problem for linear systems with large delay periods (LDPs). The attention is focused on designing the full-order observers to guarantee the stability of the linear systems with LDPs. We use a switched system, which may include one subsystem that can not be stabilized, to describe such a model. First, the sufficient stability condition is presented for the system with small delay periods (SDPs). Then, the controller and the observer gains are designed based on the feasible solutions of LMIs. In the end, sufficient conditions guaranteeing the stability of the considered system with LDPs are presented.

497
On VEPSO and VEDE for solving a treaty optimization problem
The purpose of this paper is to evaluate the performance of Vector Evaluated Differential Evolution (VEDE) and Vector Evaluated Particle Swarm Optimization (VEPSO) in solving a real world financial optimization problem. The algorithms have been applied to the Reinsurance Contract Problem, which is a challenging problem in computational finance, and their performance has been evaluated in terms of metrics including the average number of solutions, the average hypervolume and the coverage. Results have shown that both algorithms can reach good solutions, however VEPSO tends to perform better.

498
On improving behavior subtraction
With the popularity of monitoring devices, huge amount of surveillance data is generated in every minute. The technique for automatic analysis of monitoring videos is in urgent demand. As an extension of background subtraction, behavior subtraction succeeds in detecting the changes of scenes dynamics instead of its photometric properties. In this paper, we first propose a new algorithm in improving behavior subtraction by maximum likelihood estimate and interval estimate methods. After that we apply the improved approach to the framework of video summarization in which the goal is to condense hours of video data into a few short segments. The compressed video clips allow human to catch their interested information quickly. We finally conduct extensive experiments on real-world surveillance videos. The experimental results demonstrate its superior performance to other state-of-the-art methods.

499
On stabilization and disturbance rejection for the inverted pendulum
The external disturbances together with endogenous unknown dynamics need to be concerned eternally in control problems. And the inverted pendulum problem is one of the most essential and classical problems in control engineering. In this paper, the cascaded linear Active Disturbance Rejection Control (ADRC) method is proposed to stabilize the pendulum around its unstable equilibrium and track the desired position with disturbance and measurement noise. Simulation results justify the effectiveness and robustness, and offer a better performance against external disturbances in comparison with the common PID & linear quadratic regulator (LQR) method.

500
On strategic behaviors and prevention rules in participatory group decision processes
Participatory methods are employed for community and urban planning processes in order to involve the stakeholders and to reflect their opinions in the plans. However, the processes to obtain group decisions almost mandatorily contain conflicts of interests among the participants. In order to achieve final group decision which is preferable for more participants as much as possible, group decision support systems are used. This study focuses on the debate which is commonly used in group decision situations. Debates are expected to help intensive discussions among participants, and to make discussions more progressive because of the allocation of roles among participants. There is, however, risk that because of the allocation of limited roles the final decision can be maneuvered by some participants who has been allocated an eventual crucial role. The effects of two specific rules in debates to prevent maneuver, namely, `change of roles' and `block of opinions' are analyzed using game-theoretic debate models. It is shown that the combination of these rules can improve the welfare of the group.

501
On the development of objective metrics for surgical skills evaluation based on tool motion
A key competency requirement in endovascular surgery is to optimally visualize and utilize pre-shaped catheters to navigate complex vascular anatomy, yet current performance assessment techniques are limited to grading scales based solely on observation. Since most endovascular procedures involve performing fine motor control tasks that require complex, dexterous movements, this paper explores the potential for a standardized, objective, and quantitative means of measuring technical competence based on analysis of the kinematics of endovascular tool tip motions. To accomplish this goal, we recorded catheter tip movement from twenty subjects performing fundamental endovascular tasks in an inanimate model and in a simulation environment with a virtual representation of the same inanimate model. Several motion-based performance measures that have been shown to reliably assess skill in other domains were computed and tested for correlation with data that were obtained from the global rating scale assessment tool. The metrics that quantified movement quality by assessing movement smoothness produced reliable correlations with the observation-based assessment metrics. These objective and quantitative metrics that capture movement quality could be incorporated into future training protocols to provide detailed feedback on trainee performance.

502
On the robustness of fault detection in reciprocating compressor valves
This paper examines robustness issues of fault detection methods for reciprocating compressor valves. The authors have previously proposed two independent fault detection approaches for reciprocating compressor valves. One method is based on vibration analysis of accelerometer data, the other one on analyzing pV diagrams. Based on real world data, experiments are conducted to conclude on the robustness of those methods. The data are manipulated in two ways: decreasing the sampling rate and adding noise. The results suggest that the method analyzing pV diagrams is very robust especially against downsampling, while the vibration analysis method is very sensitive if the sampling rate drops below a certain level. Additionally, a sequential probability ratio test is employed. The experiments show the capability of the test to increase the detection accuracy for both methods.

503
On the supporting information for the approach shiphandling by using the sea pilot's shiphandling records
Japanese Government amended the relevant law in 2007 for even those who didn't have experience as a captain to become a pilot. However, Okazaki et al. shows that the data of less-experienced pilots on the approach ship handling varies considerably in tracks, headings and speeds, whereas the same data of skilled pilots display the steady tendencies[1]. Then, in this study, it is attempted to show that even less-experienced pilots can maneuver well just like skilled pilots by providing them the values obtained from the records of skilled pilots. Moreover, the variety and the combination of supporting information which can reduce the mental burdens of pilots are considered.

504
One-class Classification for heart disease diagnosis
As has been shown by the recent literature, machine learning techniques are important tools for diagnosing a number of diseases. Hospitals and medical clinics store a large amount of data with respect to the treatment of their patients. However, rarely an analysis of these data is conducted in order to extract intrinsic information for modeling a specific problem. This work presents an analysis of medical data aimed at determining whether or not patients are cardiac. To this end, raw data was collected and preprocessed at a Brazilian local hospital in order to build a new dataset containing only non-invasive information of children with heart murmur symptoms. The gathered data contain information, such as height, weight, gender and birthday date. The collected data was shown to be very imbalanced. Due to this imbalance, we employ the One-class Classification (OCC) paradigm to solve the problem by experimenting five methods; including the FBDOCC, that we proposed in a previous paper. Furthermore, two additional datasets were experimented in order to assess effectiveness of One-Class classifiers on the domain of heart disease detection. The overall results show that the FBDOCC succeeded in this task, yielding, statistically, the best performance for the gathered dataset as well as the other two heart disease datasets.

505
Online estimation using semi-supervised least square SVR
Online least square support vector regression (LS-SVR) is an extension from a standard SVR for fast learning. In this paper, we consider a combination of the online LS-SVR and semi-supervised learning in order to boost estimation accuracy. The semi-supervised learning is useful for real-time and complex estimation applications because it uses a small amount of the labeled data but sufficient unlabeled data that can be easily obtained. The algorithms are evaluated for two experiments, i.e. state estimation of a robot arm and forecasting of chaotic time-series. The experimental results show that the proposed algorithm yields more accurate estimation than the compared online LS-SVR.

506
Optimal fuzzy traffic signal controller for an isolated intersection
This paper aims at optimally adjusting a set of green times for traffic lights in a single intersection with the purpose of minimizing travel delay time and traffic congestion. Fuzzy logic system (FLS) is the method applied to develop the intelligent traffic timing controller. For this purpose, an intersection is considered and simulated as an intelligent agent that learns how to set green times in each cycle based on the traffic information. The FLS controller (FLC) uses genetic algorithm to tune its parameters during learning phase. Finally, The performance of the intelligent FLC is compared with the performance of a FLC with predefined parameters and three simple fixed-time controller. Simulation results indicate that intelligent FLC significantly reduces the total delay in the network compared to the fixed-time method and FLC with manual parameter setting.

507
Optimal interaction structure of human drivers cooperation: A pilot study
Ongoing research deals with the question how to design a machine for an optimal shared control with a human being. For examinition of different methods of cooperation an experiment was carried out in which two humans solve a simplified driving task together. A pilot study was executed where both the determination of the combined output as well as the feedback from the partners were varied. The results indicate that there is neither in signal fusion nor in the way of feedback a single form of cooperation which is preferable for all participants. Instead the optimal way is dependant on the level and homogeneity of the cooperating partners.

508
Optimal modality selection for multimodal human-machine systems using RIMAG
Interpersonal communication in human teams is multimodal by nature and hybrid robot-human teams should be capable of utilizing diverse verbal and non-verbal communication channels (e.g. gestures, speech, and gaze). Additionally, this interaction must fulfill requirements such as speed, accuracy and resilience. While multimodal communication has been researched and human-robot mixed team communication frameworks have been developed, the computation of an effective combination of communication modalities (multimodal lexicon) to maximize effectiveness is an untapped area of research. The proposed framework objectively determines the set of optimal lexicons through multiobjective optimization of performance metrics over all feasible lexicons. The methodology is applied to the surgical setting, where a robotic nurse can collaborate with a surgical team by delivering surgical instruments as required. In this time-sensitive, high-risk context, performance metrics are obtained through a mixture of real-world experiments and simulation. Experimental results validate the predictability of the method since predicted optimal lexicons significantly (p <; 0.01) outperform predicted suboptimal lexicons in time, error rate and false positive rates.

509
Optimal storage pricing and pickup scheduling for inbound containers in a dry port system
Dry port is an inland logistics centre offering public warehousing and transportation services for a cluster of shippers located in close proximity. Serving as a potential solution for seaport congestion and capacity limitation, dry port development is increasingly popular in the freight transport industry. This paper studies the storage pricing - pickup problem in a dry port system for inbound containers. The dry port determines the storage pricing strategy to maximize its own profit, while an individual shipper decides the pickup schedules of inbound containers from the seaport to the dry port so as to minimize its total cost. This problem is modeled as a Stackelberg game where the dry port is the leader and shippers are followers. The optimal characteristics of the proposed model are analyzed, from which the best reaction functions of shippers and the optimal decision of the dry port are derived analytically. Then, a closed-form algorithm is proposed to obtain the Stackelberg equilibrium point.

510
Optimization of process planning for cylinder block based on feature machining elements
For the high machining precision and various complicated constraints, process planning of cylinder block always receives lots of attention from industry and academic fields. FMEs (feature machining elements, FMEs) is proposed in this paper, which subdivided from design features and had a close correlation with machining methods according to machining accuracies and manufacturing resources. Therefore, the problem of process planning could be represented by an optimal sequencing and balancing of those FMEs. After analysis of constraints of features and FMEs, an optimal objective is established during a certain stage, and a process planning is generated and optimized by using an improved genetic simulated annealing algorithm (GSA). Finally, a case of cylinder block reveals that the proposed method is feasible and efficient.

511
Option and constraint generation using Work Domain Analysis
In this paper we investigate the use of Work Domain Analysis (WDA), a technique from the field of cognitive engineering, to inform the creation of options and constraints for Reinforcement Learning (RL) algorithms. The micro-world of Pac-Man, a classic arcade game, is used as a tractable and representative work domain. WDA was conducted on individuals familiar with Pac-Man and an Abstraction Hierarchy (AH), a means-ends representation of their understanding of the game, was created for each individual. The abstraction hierarchies for best performing and worst performing individuals were then combined to illustrate the differences between the different groups. Several differences between the two groups were found, and included the use of defense as well as offensive strategies by high performers versus only defense by poor performers, context sensitivity and additional goals and more sophisticated constraints by high performers. The differences were translated into an options and constraint paradigm suitable for incorporation into RL algorithms.

512
Particle Swarm Optimization with non-linear velocity
Particle Swarm Optimization (PSO), a population based optimization technique, has two intrinsic problems of slow convergence and tendency to converge prematurely. In order to overcome these problems, we propose an improvement to the velocity update equation of the standard PSO algorithm in which particles of a swarm tend to move towards the global best position more rapidly as compared to the local best position. Two different non-linear weight factors are multiplied with the two parts of the velocity update equation; one that tends to move the particle to the global best position, while the other tends to move the particle back to its local best position achieved so far. By introducing the separate weight factors, a significant improvement in the results is seen. We test the proposed algorithm on six benchmark functions and the simulation results are presented. The results indicate that the proposed algorithm does not converge prematurely and its convergence speed is faster than the standard PSO algorithm.

513
Particular fine-grained parallel GA for simulation study of distributed human-based GA
The paper proposes and investigates a particular fine-grained parallel genetic algorithm (GA) for understanding the behaviors of a similar distributed human-based GA through simulations. The particular fine-grained parallel GA restricts interactions between individuals in terms of not space but time, which can occur in real human interactions. Specifically, it gives each individual its own cycle time for encountering other individuals according to a probability distribution. The simulation results show that the GA performance depends on the setting of the encounter timings for the individuals.

514
Performance enhancement of Behavior-Based Safety of fleet management systems
Although management of Road Safety has been an area of concern over the past several decades the following behavior-based problem areas still exist: unsafe driving behaviors and high-risk drivers. A Behavior-Based Safety Management System (BBSMS) can help address these areas by introducing concepts of Activators, Behaviors and their Consequences. The focus of BBSMS is on improving and changing behavior rather than dealing with the consequences of bad behavior. This paper explores the application of Utilization Z-scores and Reliability Demonstration Chart, a reliability engineering technique, to help analyze driver behavior. The driver behavior is represented by In Vehicle Monitoring System (IVMS) data collected over several years. The events recorded and monitored by the IVMS include over speeding, over revving, harsh acceleration, harsh braking and seat belt disconnects while driving. The techniques provide an easy and effective way for drivers and their managers to monitor driver risk profiles by classifying and identifying drivers with high risks - drivers with a higher probability of generating IVMS events. The consequences of the unsafe behavior can then be identified and activators can be modified in order to reduce risk. By positively influencing the behavior the consequences can be better managed to reduce the risks associated with the Safety Management System (SMS).

515
Performance evaluation of distributed Track-to-Track fusion systems
Implications of network-centric considerations provide additional challenges for fusing track information from distributed and heterogeneous sources. In this paper a multisensor tracking system that consists of distributed active and passive sensors is used to describe a distributed Track-to-Track (T2T) fusion system. Network-centric operations manifest an extended design space for the distributed T2T fusion systems. This paper describes a Design of Experiments (DoE) approach to comprehend the extended design space of the distributed T2T fusion systems. Using statistical analysis techniques, ANOVA and Tukey HSD tests, we quantify the impact of key system design variables on the distributed T2T fusion system performance. The sensitivity analysis, based on statistical results, establishes the significance of interactions between system design variables and emphasizes the need for design and evaluation of the distributed T2T fusion systems in a system of systems context.

516
Performance evaluation of sheepdog distributed storage system
Distributed storage systems (DSS) are becoming even more important and complex due to the emergence of paradigms such as cloud computing, and the challenges for dealing with big data. DSS provide a set of services such as publishing, file sharing and high performance utility storage. In addition, there is a growing demand to support these services with high scalability, availability and low cost. Sheepdog is a distributed storage system which aims at providing storage volumes with high availability, using clusters of common machines. This type of storage system may prove useful in the VMS (Video Monitoring Service) market and as remote storage for cloud-based applications. This paper analyzes the scalability of Sheepdog clusters, by measuring the performance with different number of nodes and different replication degrees. The system analyzed here showed better performance for read operations in small cluster sizes than in larger ones. On the other hand, proper scalability was found for the write throughput, since no significant performance degradation was noticed when the number of cluster nodes increased.

517
Performance of adaptive fuzzy bandwidth expansion scheme for OFDM communication systems
In this paper, both effective bandwidth extension and distributed issues are investigated to improve the energy efficiency for the orthogonal frequency division multiplexing (OFDM) wireless communication systems. A Fuzzy based energy efficient bandwidth expansion (FBEEBE) scheme is proposed to fast infer the bandwidth extension factors (BEFs) for users based on fuzzy inference systems. The proposed fuzzy inference system can infer the BEFs from the two inputs of SNR and bandwidth requirement of users. Simulation results show that the proposed FBEEBE can improve the energy efficiency comparing to that of same bandwidth extension (SBE) scheme.

518
Performance of conductive rubber-based sensor array calibration using cubic spline
Conductive rubber is used for various applications in engineering fields due to its advantages such as a wide range of electrical conductivities, low cost and ease of shaping. The rubber needs to be calibrated before it can be used in response to the applied force. Due to the highly nonlinear property of rubber, researchers usually apply methods such as mathematical model and neural network to map the voltage-force response. These methods, however, require complex calculation and large quantity of training data. In this paper, an implementation of cubic spline for calibrating the voltage-force response is reported. This method not only requires a small number of data, but also provides good curve fitting for nonlinear function. Two types of cubic spline are explained and carried out in experiments. The result shows that the cubic spline technique was able to map the voltage-force up to 50 N. The calculated average measurement error was 3.44±1.58 N, mean squared error for border sensing elements was 7.78 N2 and inside sensing elements was 3.47 N2. Paired t-test for cubic spline and back propagation neural network shows significant difference (p <;0.001) where cubic spline performed much better than the latter method. The result indicated that the cubic spline method was able to estimate voltage-force response and feasible for force sensor application.

519
Performance testing of web-based data visualization
Many scientific applications generate massive data that requires visualization. For example, the Nevada Solar Energy-Water-Environmental Nexus project has been generating a large amount of environmental monitoring data in textual format. As the data is available on the web, a web-based visualization tool is desirable for the project rather than a standalone tool. This research analyzes the processing mechanisms of four popular web-based data visualization tools, that is, Google Charts, Flex, OFC, D3, and compares their performances. A standalone visualization tool, JfreeChart, have been also used for comparison. The processing times have been divided into three segments, layout time, data transformation time, and rendering time, and separately measured. The actual temperature data from the Nevada Nexus project has been used for testing in different scales ranging from 100 to 100,000 data points. The result shows that each visualization tool has its own ideal environment.

520
Perturbation analysis for discrete flow model: optimization of a manufacturing-remanufacturing system
In this paper, a discrete flow model is used to study a manufacturing-remanufacturing system composed by two parallel machines, a serviceable inventory, a recovery inventory and customers who demand a constant quantity of product. The goal of this paper is to evaluate the optimal serviceable inventory level which allows minimizing the sum of inventory and lost sales costs. Perturbation analysis is applied to the discrete flow model to optimize the considered system. The trajectories of the serviceable inventory level are studied and the perturbation analysis estimates are evaluated. The unbiasedness of these estimates is proved and then they are implemented in an optimization algorithm which determines the optimal serviceable inventory in the presence of returned products.

521
Phantom conception for development of planar scintigraphic image restoration procedures
The instrumentation and physiological patient factors bound to the patient in-vivo complicate the treatment of the images during a medical examination. Thus, they can contribute to the generation of artifacts in the resulting images. The artifacts degrade the quality of the images and can lead, in certain cases, to a bad diagnosis. For this reason, the appeal to the use of the simulation techniques allows to evaluate and improve the devices of acquisition and image processing. The models (called phantoms) are important tools to simulate human anatomy and physiology and to allow the evaluation of acquisition methods and image analysis. Thereby, the simulation offers a way of great importance to evaluate and improve medical techniques of acquisition devices, treatment and the reconstruction of images in-vitro.

522
Phrase animation reflecting impression by a word in combination with motion, color and melody
This paper proposes an interactive design system of a phrase animation reflecting impression expressed by an adjective. A phrase animation is text expression with motion, color and a melody. The proposed system consists of three parts: the impression estimation part, the motion, color and melody generation and their combination part and the modification part. In the impression estimation part, impression of an inputted adjective is estimated for impression factors of phrase motion, color and a melody, where impression factors compose impression factors spaces playing an important role in the system. In the generation and combination part, some combinations of appropriate phrase motion, color and a melody are generated and presented to a user as phrase animation design candidates. In the modification part, modified phrase animations are generated based on user's evaluation for presented phrase animation candidates. In this part a user has an interaction with the proposed system. Experiments are performed in order to confirm whether the proposed system is able to generate phrase animations giving impression of adjective to a generators and appreciators.

523
Physical activity estimation using accelerometer and facility information for elderly healthcare
This paper proposes a novel framework to estimate the amount of physical activity at a place where people stayed, by utilizing facility information and user's acceleration data. The total amount of physical activities, energy expenditure of a physical activity is a good scale. Our framework provides a physical activity scale based on typical energy expenditure of the activity given by existing researches already. To estimates the energy expenditure, we use typical value of metabolic equivalents to task (MET) which is used as practical scale. Unlike the other studies for monitoring physical activity, we estimate the type of user's activity using facility information which are obtained from road map and land-use/land-cover map. To confirm the feasibility of our approach, we have conducted a long-term experiment on monitoring the activity of elderly people living in less-populated area. As a result, our framework provides good summarization of daily activities of participants.

524
Physiological inspiration for self-management in Smart Grid Systems: Opportunities and challenges
Technologies, concepts and architectures for renewable energy are currently in the thick of engineering researches. Technological application examples are sustainable electric supplies and emission-free buildings where infrastructures of power systems such as Smart Grid Systems (SGSs) play a key role. They are actually pushing their self-governing capabilities beyond limits by being required to deal with more and more challenging operational situations (topological reconfiguration, fault tolerance, etc.). Additionally, support of automatic adaptation is needed in order to provide resilience and sustainment. This paper analyzes different use cases of SGSs with the main goal of identifying potential applications for the implementation of physiologically-inspired concepts and algorithms to support self-management. The survey presented recaps the state of the art of SGSs with a particular focus on automation problems and solutions as well as physiologically-inspired adaptation in other domains. It also presents the foundations for a physio-logically-inspired self-management approach, and challenging research issues when applying it to SGSs. Concluding remarks and future research directions are discussed as well.

525
Physiological noise cancellation in fNIRS using an adaptive filter based on mutual information
Functional near-infrared spectroscopy (fNIRS) is a noninvasive optical method that measures cortical activity based on hemodynamics in the brain. Physiological signals (biosignals), such as blood pressure and respiration, are known to appear in cortical fNIRS recordings. Some biosignal components occupy the same frequency band as the cortical response, and respond to the subjects activity. To process an fNIRS signal in a brain-computer interface, it is desirable to know which components of the signal come from cortical response, and which come from biosignal interference. Numerous filtering methods have been proposed to this end with mixed success, possibly because they assume that the cortical and physiological signals combine linearly, or that biosignals do not correlate with subject behavior. Here, we propose an adaptive filter with a cost function based on mutual information to selectively remove information that correlates with blood pressure from the fNIRS signal. The filter was tested with real and simulated data. The real signals were measured on seven healthy subjects performing an isometric pinching task. Cross-correlation and mutual information were employed as performance measures. The filter successfully removed correlations between blood pressure and the fNIRS signal, by an equal or greater amount compared to a traditional recursive least squares adaptive filter. Blood pressure was found to be the most informative signal to classify rest and active periods using linear discriminant analysis. Any task information in the fNIRS signal was redundant to that expressed by blood pressure.

526
Pixel-based or Object-based: Which approach is more appropriate for remote sensing image classification?
We present an overall performance comparison between the two most popular remote sensing image classification approaches which are: Pixel-based and Object-based. This evaluation is conducted using different state of the art statistical measures. The analysis of the classification power associated to these most widely utilized methods is conducted on Landsat-7 ETM+ image of Algiers through support vector machines. Since the performance of the object-based classification is inherently dependent on the success of the segmentation task, we have computed the overall accuracy, the kappa coefficient, the Z-score, the F-measure coefficient, and the area under ROC curve (AUC) value for different segmentation thresholds. This quantization of the segmentation level based on the number of pixels allowed to define a region (NPR) is necessary since image segmenters (which significantly impact classification) often exploit different paradigms and therefore exhibit different error rates. Our investigation has revealed that the object-based method is more accurate than the pixel-based method in the following two scenarios: (i) in the presence of a perfect segmentation task prior to object-based classification; (ii) whenever NPR is less than 8 pixels (corresponding to 240m in the current resolution). This second case is justified by the fact that the area under the ROC curve of object-based is larger than the one in the pixel-based. However, if NPR is not used or greater than 8 pixels, then the pixel-based approach is more appropriate.

527
Pocket-cubes, bringing multidimensional data views to mobile platforms
From simple entertainment gadgets to real world based applications, a little bit of everything is in a mobile platform. Thus, it's not a surprise that enterprise managers, decision makers or business analytics use it also to support their most regular daily business activities. Following the same fast adoption path of other applications, their analytical needs quickly appeared in their horizon as one of the most useful applications that they could bring in their “pockets”. The data structures of such applications are very large to be received by mobile platforms. Data cubes still are quite out from currently mobile platforms' data manipulation boundaries. However, a lot of efforts were developed during the last few years to provide smaller hyper cubes with the same exploitation potentialities, requiring less computational resources as disk storage and processing time, appealing to better data compression techniques or multidimensional views selection. In this paper we present the most usual techniques for compressing and processing data cubes. In order to support such approach we designed and developed the Pocket Cubes system, an application especially oriented to prepare data cubes to be used on mobile platforms.

528
Point contact and relative motion of drawing can identify individual traits
The action of drawing is one way people have of creating representations of arts. Usual approaches to study drawing action in human machine interaction has mostly focused on obtaining images produced by machines or robots. In this study, the creation process is treated not as image processing of output work by using a high-fidelity photographic image but as a relative function of medium during creation process. During the creation process, drawing materials, paints, papers and canvas themselves play roles of resistance against agents' intents and actions. To put it extremely, they seem like other agents with different intentions from those of the drawing agent. Based on this design concept, a `relatively-moving drawing robot' was constructed and utilized to implement experiments on human perception. We will discuss the emergence mechanism of human subjectivity by using the robotic system, and the results showed that point contact and relative motion during drawing can identify individual traits.

529
Policy evaluation and analysis of choosing whom to tweet information on social media
Choosing whom to tweet information to promote information spread on social media is an interesting and significant topic for both academic and industrial areas. Effective policies to choose whom to tweet information on social media should make more users to be aware of the information and to be willing to retweet it. Aiming at investigating how information spreads on social media, this paper proposes an interest-based dissemination model to depict the information spread process. The interest is introduced as the foundation of users' rationality to follow other users and retweet information. Meanwhile, this paper adopts artificial society and a lightweight social computing method to evaluate and analyze the effectiveness of policies, in which users on social media are modelled as agents with various social relationships and interests. Based on PZE approach, several policies for information promotion on social media have been made, and simulations are undertaken quantitatively to evaluate their effectiveness in various scenarios. The experimental results reveal that the effectiveness of a policy is tightly related to two kinds of users' rational behaviors: retweeting information and following other users.

530
Position based impedance control based on pressure distribution for wearable power assist robots
In this paper, a new impedance control method for wearable assist robots based 011 pressure distribution is proposed. Conventional power assist systems could not realize high power assist because they did not consider about the physical contacts between the user and robot. Also, these systems assisted only for simple joints such as knee, elbow, limb and so on. I11 order to achieve higher power assist lor multiple joints such as shoulder and waist, it is desirable to consider the contact condition directly instead of torque that was used in conventional methods. The authors propose a position based impedance control system using pressure distribution between the user and robot. By using a pseudo torque calculated by pressure distribution, the impedance controller can be expected to reduce the dangerous contact pressure efficiently. I11 this paper, power assist 011 the multiple joints are assumed: forward-backward bending movements of the upper half part of the body. A structure of the assist robot is determined based 011 analysis of human movements. By applying determined robot model 011 simulations, the proposed impedance control method is evaluated by comparing contact pressure to conventional methods.

531
Position control for slow dynamic systems: Haptic feedback makes system constraints tangible
For many applications such as steer-by-wire or telemanipulation, it remains unclear what tasks benef t most from accurate rendering of feedback forces. The objective of this study is to understand the extent to which haptic feedback of system dynamics helps performance of free-space telemanipulation tasks. In a human factors study, subjects performed a multisine pursuit task using two virtual slave systems, one with fast and one with slow dynamics. The dynamics of the controlled system were fed back fully, scaled or not at all. It was expected that task execution would improve when the boundaries of the controlled system were made tangible to the human operator by means of force feedback, but only for a slow dynamic system. Results show that, for a slow dynamic system, both full and scaled feedback of system dynamics reduce tracking error and excessive control input, at the expense of increased physical control effort. It is concluded that physically displaying the boundaries of the controlled system contribute to the human operator's understanding of the system, allowing to compensate for the limitations of the controlled dynamics, even if only a fraction of the full feedback is provided.

532
Predicting dynamic computational workload of a self-driving car
This study aims at developing a method that predicts the CPU usage patterns of software tasks running on a self-driving car. To ensure safety of such dynamic systems, the worst-case-based CPU utilization analysis has been used; however, the nature of dynamically changing driving contexts requires more flexible approach for an efficient computing resource management. To better understand the dynamic CPU usage patterns, this paper presents an effort of designing a feature vector to represent the information of driving environments and of predicting, using regression methods, the selected tasks' CPU usage patterns given specific driving contexts. Experiments with real-world vehicle data show a promising result and validate the usefulness of the proposed method.

533
Predicting person's Zheng states using the heterogeneous sensor data by the semi-subjective teaching of TCM doctors
This paper proposes a method for predicting person's Zheng states of traditional Chinese medicine (TCM) using the heterogeneous patterns of samples which are acquired from the multi-sensors and semi-subjectively labelled by TCM doctors (TCMDs). After confirming the difference from the TMDs' diagnosis and the overlapping of samples belonging to the Zheng class and its negative class based on the extracted eigen attributes, an index called separation for measuring the separability of these two classes is defined to investigate the relationship with the Zheng scores. On the basis of that, the scheme of generating the Zheng's classifier and predicting the person's Zheng states is described. Further, the relation of the separation with the performance of the prediction is analyzed. The experimental results illustrate that the proposed approach is feasible.

534
Prediction of command delivery time for BCI
One of the challenges in using brain computer interfaces over extended periods of time is the uncertainty in the system. This uncertainty can be due to the user's internal states, the non stationarity of the brain signals, or the variation of the class discriminative information over time. Therefore, the users are often unable to maintain the same accuracy and time efficiency in delivering BCI commands. In this paper, we tackle the issue of variation in BCI command delivery time for a motor imagery task with the aim of providing assistance through adaptive shared control. This is important mainly because having long delivery of mental commands leads to uncertainty in the user's intent classification and limits the responsiveness of the system. In order to address this issue, we separate the trials into long and short groups so that we have the same number of trials in each group. We demonstrate that using only a few samples at the beginning of the trial, we are able to predict whether the current trial will be short or long with high accuracies (70% - 86%). Eventually, this prediction enables us to tune the shared control parameters to overcome the issue of uncertainty.

535
Predictive direct torque control ASIC with speed feedback controller in motor drive
This paper presents a modified predictive direct torque control (PDTC) application specific integrated circuit (ASIC) with speed feedback controller in motor drive. The proposed PDTC ASIC not only decreases the ripple of hysteresis controller but also enhances the performance of motor controller. Verilog hardware description language (Verilog HDL) is used to implement the hardware architecture; and that an ASIC is fabricated in TSMC 0.18μm process with cell-based design method. Both switching and calculating delay times mainly contribute the ripples which degrade the control quality in motor drive. By using the predictive scheme, we not only improve the ripple issue of the traditional direct torque control technique, but also make the control system more stable by decreasing the time delay in hysteresis controller. According to the measured results, the proposed PDTC ASIC performs with the coverage of 99.10 % and the fault coverage of 98.28 % at the operating frequency of 50 MHz, the supplied voltage of 1.8 V and the power consumption of 218.7 mW.

536
Presence-awareness: A conceptual model-based systems biology approach
We propose a model-based systems engineering approach for representing and analyzing the perception and consideration of the presence of external entities by systems. This approach is inspired by the conceptual model-based systems biology paradigm we have previously proposed. The notion of presence and absence of surrounding objects, or occurrence of surrounding processes, is becoming ever more critical in a world of highly-aware automation agents and the increasingly complex and stochastic environmental configurations in which these agents act. This problem is well-known in the biological modeling domain. System models usually focus on nominal, mainstream aspects and scenarios. Presence-related aspects are often assumed to pose no issue, and remain unattended in both the conceptual and actual system design phases. The Pareto rule-of-thumb of system design asserts that about 20% of design and development efforts cover the nominal, “sunny day” process, while the other 80% cover exceptions, alternative scenarios, failure modes, edge conditions, special settings, and emergencies. We propose an approach to extend the naïve, nominal system model by enriching it with notions of presence-awareness and sensitivity. This approach is facilitated by Object-Process Methodology, a holistic system and process modeling framework, currently being adopted as ISO standard 19450.

537
Proposal and evaluation by simulation of management processing load control method for virtual client system
In recent years, virtualization of desktops has become important as a solution for various problems caused from the cost of running a company. Our company began using thin client blade (CB) systems and thin client terminal service (TS) systems about ten years ago. There are currently about 70,000 users of these systems in our group companies. A thin client virtual PC system has been developed as a virtualization platform for the desktop. The management processing load dispersion in virtual PC system was designed for a large number of users. We previously reported a method that addresses this problem. In this paper, evaluation by simulation of a previously proposed improved method for managing the load imposed on resources in a virtual PC system showed that it effectively prevents significant load increases. The threshold for initiating management processing can be flexibly set, which enables the load in a virtual client environment to be precisely controlled. Use of this method would enable virtual clients to be managed more effectively.

538
Protein sequence analysis based on fractal-wavelet scheme
It is a significant issue to find similar proteins from a large scale of protein database efficiently. This paper presents a new algorithm of protein sequence which is based on fractal dimension and wavelet transform. A hybrid method consisting fractal dimension calculation, discrete wavelet transform and sliding window are applied to generate a new encoding feature. Through the computation between the feature vectors, we can obtain the distance matrix and the phylogenic tree can be constructed.We apply this approach by analyzing the ND5 (NADH dehydrogenase subunit 5) protein dataset. The experimental results show that the proposed model is more accurate than the existing ones such as Su's model, Zhang's model and Yao's model, and it is consistent with the result generated from MEGA software and some known facts.

539
Public Safety Planning in Natal city: An application based on ELECTRE TRI model
This article seeks to support the strategic public safety planning using social and demographic factors that can influence violence. Besides, a multiple criteria model has been applied to analyze the problem under these factors, and geographic information system was used to provide a better view of the problem. Finally, we apply the model in a Brazilian city named Natal that brought different views compared to empirical analysis of the problem.

540
Quality assessment of EEG signals based on statistics of signal fluctuations
The quality of the non-invasive EEG signals was always affected by the changes in the contact impedances and the artifacts from eye blinking, eye movements and body movements. An effective quality assessment method is needed to assess the qualities of the EEG signals. This paper proposed a novel method to assess the signal quality of EEG signals based on block-based measurements of the fluctuations of the second-order power amplitudes of the EEG signals. The initial signal quality scores were generated by fusion of the mean power amplitudes and the signal fluctuations of the motor imagery state with reference to background idling state. These scores were subsequently mapped to different quality levels by using fuzzy-c means clustering. Experimental results were conducted on the basis of 3 data sets of 15 healthy subjects performing motor imagery of hand movements and idle, for both gel-based and gel-less electrodes. The results obtained demonstrated that the proposed method was capable of evaluating the quality of the EEG signals, as supported by the clear separation of the assigned quality levels between gel-based and gel-less electrodes. This further validated the assumption that generally the quality of the EEG signals acquired based on the gel-based electrodes was better than that of the gel-less electrodes.

541
Quantification and reduction of visual load during BCI operation
Operating a brain-actuated vehicle in real-world environments requires much of our visual attention. However, a typical brain-computer interface (BCI) sends the feedback information about the current status of the user's brain also via the visual channel. As a result, users have to split their visual attention into two: one for the surroundings and the other for the visual BCI feedback. Therefore, we recently developed a tactile stimulation system that successfully replaced the conventional visual feedback. Here we employ the multiple object tracking experiments to quantify the visual load added by the visual feedback. The result show that the additional visual load is almost eliminated, and the true negative rate of the BCI operation (intentional non-control) is improved when the visual feedback is replaced by the tactile feedback.

542
Quantitative analysis of the cities' innovation capacity based on grey variable weight clustering
Clustering analysis of innovation capacity in a region can be helpful to formulate targeted economic development strategies. Grey variable weight clustering can solve practical clustering problems whose weights of clustering indexes can't be available in advance. Aiming at the problem that the clustering results of grey variable weight clustering don't correspond with the reality in two papers, the reason is analyzed in this paper, and a new kind of whitenization weight function is reconstructed, which is proved to satisfy normative and doesn't exist triplet crossing. Solution of the new grey variable weight clustering is given in the paper. At last, 13 cities in Jiangsu province are clustered according to their innovation capacity. The example is helpful for Jiangsu province to coordinate economic development and improve urban competitiveness. showing the effectiveness and operability of the method in this paper.

543
Quantitative payoff evaluation for track and trace system in supply chains
The track and trace information increases the supply chain visibility which leads to the improvement of the operation efficiency and effectiveness. A performance evaluation method for track and trace system can help a company to select the best system design and identify the degree of improvement for an implemented system. Existing research works on the performance evaluation of track and trace have limitations such as only supporting single product state and lack of consideration for missing and erroneous insertion of information. In this paper, we take payoff as performance criteria and model the input and output of the system as unequal lengths of product state sequences. A novel pad-and-transit technique is proposed to identify and generate intermediate information transformations with missing and erroneous inserted information. Based on the identified transformations, the expected payoff is then evaluated using a closed form formula. A numerical case study is provided to illustrate the application of the proposed method.

544
RFID-augmentation for improving long-term pose accuracy of an indoor navigating robot
This paper presents a Radio Frequency based system for handling long-term drift of pose estimates for a robot performing odometer-based navigation in an indoor environment. The indoor environment is augmented with RFID tags and their associated door-markers to form a partially structured environment. To enhance the performance of the odometry, we adopted a Least Squares calibration approach to mitigate the effect of the systematic errors. The residual errors, mainly non-systematic, are handled by intermittent resetting of the robot's pose based on the global positioning references designed with the RFID tags and their associated door-markers. The results reveal that the long-term confidence in the estimated position improves about six times with this approach.

545
RSSI-based IPv6 routing metrics for RPL in low-power and lossy networks
Wireless sensor network (WSN) have been the subject of significant research over the recent years. IPv6 over low-power wireless personal area network (6LoWPAN) has been proposing the use of IPv6 solutions in WSN to communicate using Internet protocol (IP). The 6LoWPAN is proposed by IETF which provides IPv6 header compression, fragmentation and reassembly of IPv6 packets over IEEE 802.15.4 networks. In this paper, we present an experimental study on the impact between the packet length of IPv6 in network layer and number of fragments in MAC layer. We conducted our experiments in Contiki test-bed to analysis 6LoWPAN performance with different RSSI and payload size. Experiment results highlight the trade-off between the length of IPv6 UDP frame sand link quality for 6LoWPAN performance. Finally, a RSSI-based IPv6 routing metrics for RPL has been proposed based-on our experiment results to enhance the transmission performance in 6LoWPAN.

546
Randomly sampling based fuzzy rough reduction
Now most methods of the existing fuzzy rough based attribute reduction can't be applied to large scale data sets because of high time and space consuming. To overcome this problem, we proposed a randomly sampling based method to decrease the computing consumption. First, we propose some pseudo concepts of fuzzy rough sets, such as the pseudo lower approximation and pseudo attribute reduction, which is not exactly, but approximately equal to classical concepts, and then it drastically accelerate computation and significantly reduce space consumption. The numerical experiments show that the random sampling algorithm is significantly efficient both in time and space with little loss of information.

547
Rank-based Semantic Control Crossover in Genetic Programming
Subtree exchange crossover which is usually used in Genetic Programming (GP) can not control the search properties such as global or local search, because crossover points in parental individuals are selected at random. To overcome the problem, crossover based on semantic distance of subtrees has been studied recent years. If similar subtrees in semantic space are exchanged, the local search can be performed. In contrast, dissimilar subtrees are exchanged, the global search can be performed. In Semantic Control Crossover (SCC), the global search can be performed in early generations, and the local search can be performed in later generations. In this paper, we propose a new SCC based on the ranking information of parents, Rank-based SCC. The method controls search properties according to not generations but ranking information of parents. In case of the crossover to a pair of parents with higher ranks, similar subtrees should be exchanged for local search around the parents. In contrast, in case of the crossover to a pair of parents with lower ranks, dissimilar subtrees should be exchanged for global search. We compared the search performance of three methods, standard crossover, conventional SCC and Rank-based SCC, and showed the effectiveness of our method.

548
Real time text-based feedback systems from frequency-based feedback to mindmap feedback in foreign language teaching
This paper is concerned with the implementation of text-based feedback system. Quantitative feedback approach like “Clicker” has been common to enhance participants' involvement in the classroom and improve the quality of interactivity. On the other hand, there is a common approach to text-based feedback like the use of social networks and bulletin-boards installed in Learning Management Systems. After reviewing limitations of these two approaches, we would like to propose a real time text-based feedback system with focus on the frequency of keywords used by the audience. This paper further proposes “Mind Mapping” feedback approach on the basis of the dictionary used in the system. It is suggested that the implementation of the system in foreign language presentation course in Japan had an effect on awareness and motivation of Japanese learners of English.

549
Real-time eye detection and event identification for human-computer interactive control for driver assistance
Eye movements can provide important information for human-computer interactive applications. Due to the progress of computer technology, the detecting accuracy and speed of pattern recognition are promoted. Additionally, according to research advances in embedded systems, the applications of digital cameras, such as internet cameras, smart phones and smart TV, and smart cars, are widely used in nowadays. Therefore, we propose a set of real-time human-eye detection and tracking systems with human-computer interaction applications. This technique can obtain eye movements and can be adopted as interactive control commands on driver assistance systems. The proposed system is implemented on an OMAP4430 for embedded applications, and experimental results show that the proposed architecture is capable of effective and real-time eye position detection and event identification for human-computer interactive applications on driver assistance systems.

550
Real-time image sharing software for the blind
Through the development of information technology in recent years, it is now common for lectures to involve education using PowerPoint materials and similar. Likewise, in education for the visually impaired, the presentation of lecture materials involves a lecture focused on oral explanation with the use of compensating information through information technology; however, the lecturer is unable to confirm which part of the materials the students are accessing, and conversely it is not easy to direct the students to access the part on which the lecturer is currently focusing. Here, in this paper, I present an experimental software through which lecture materials are distributed to students via a TCP/IP network, in which the lecturer can instruct the students which items to focus on and the students can immediately confirm these through screen readers.

551
Real-time implementation of estimation method for driver's intention on a driving simulator
In recent years, in order to reduce traffic accidents, several kind of support systems for driving safety have been put to practical use. Almost the support systems avoid the dangerous situation based on the recognition results of outside environment of the car. On the other hand, more than 90 % of traffic accidents are caused by human errors. In the research field of human - machine interaction, to estimate and recognize of human psychological of emotional state is needed as one of important fuction for machine side. It is thought that these system are effective as fundamental instrumentation to realize the driving support system, and to avoid the human errors and overconfidence for these support system. The authors have been researched about driver modeling based on the Hidden Markov Model, and its application for the estimation of driver's intention. In the previous paper, decision methodology of reasonable true value of driver's intention in the experiment had been proposed. In this paper, implementation of real-time estimation for driver's intention on the driving simulator system with higher realistic has been introduced, and their validity have been discussed with experimental results.

552
Real-time novelty detection in video using background subtraction techniques: State of the art a practical review
Autonomously detecting novelties using background subtraction has quickly become a very important area of image analysis with many different approaches to novelty detection and the output therein. The ultimate goal of the approaches is to be robust to false detections and noise whilst using as little computational power as possible. This review focuses on some of the most prominent pixel-wise background subtraction techniques currently in use, and compares and contrasts their attributes and capabilities. The purpose of this review is to practically summarize the pixel-wise approaches and suggest a way forward from these techniques.

553
Recognition of packet loss speech using the most reliable reduced-frame-rate data
In a client-server distributed speech recognition (DSR) application, speech features are extracted and quantized at the client-end, and are sent to a remote back-end server for recognition. Although the bandwidth constrains are mostly eliminated, data packets may be lost over error prone channels. In order to reduce the performance degradation because of frame missing, a frequently used error concealment approach is to restore a full frame rate (FFR) observation sequence for recognition at the back-end. In this paper, an alternative approach is proposed to deal with observations with lost frames. This approach at first extracts the most reliable reconstructed reduced-frame-rate (RFR) observation sequence from the received data at the back-end, and then decodes it with an adapted hidden Markov model (HMM) that compensates the mismatch between the FFR trained model and the RFR test data. Experimental results show that a DSR system using the proposed method can achieve the same level of accuracy as an FFR data reconstruction method and significantly lessens the computation time. From the viewpoint of user capacity of a DSR system, we find that the proposed method is capable of serving much more client users without any extra cost of installing new equipment.

554
Recognizing conversation groups in an open space by estimating placement of lower bodies
This article discusses the problem of recognizing groups of people in conversation with each other in an open space. Previous work on this problem takes an approach based on the knowledge that people in the same conversation group often makes a circular formation called an F-formation, by referring to the work in social psychology. Since the F-formation describes spatial and orientational characteristics of the lower bodies of people, their positions and orientations need to be obtained for employing the approach. However, it is difficult to observe lower bodies by cameras, especially for people in a circular formation, due to occlusions between their bodies. We propose to recognize conversation groups while estimating the positions and orientations of the lower bodies of the people only from the information of their head positions and facial orientations observable from a single camera, by considering that the lower bodies of the people are arranged in a circular pattern if they are in the same conversation group.

555
Reconstruction of electrical impedance tomography images using chaotic ring-topology particle swarm optimization and non-blind search
Non-invasive imaging and e-health have been increasing in the last decades, as a result of the efforts to generate diagnostic technology based on non-ionizing radiation. Electrical Impedance Tomography (EIT) is a low-cost, non-invasive, portable, and safe of handling imaging technique based on measuring the electric potentials generated by the application of currents in pairs of surface electrodes. Nevertheless, EIT image reconstruction is still an open problem, due to its nature as an ill-posed problem governed by the Equation of Poison. Several numerical methods are used in order to solve this equation without generating anatomically inconsistent results. Particle swarm algorithms can be used as alternatives to Gauss-Newton and Backprojection well-known approaches, which frequently generate low-resolution blurred images. Furthermore, Gauss-Newton convergence to anatomically consistent images is not guaranteed, needing to set constraints like the number of anatomical structures present on the image domain. Herein this work we present EIT reconstruction methods based on the optimization of the relative error of reconstruction using chaotic particle swarm algorithms with non-blind initial search. We studied two forms of initialization: totally random and including an imperfect but anatomically consistent noisy solution based on Gauss-Newton reconstruction method, according to Saha and Bandyopadhyay's criterion for non-blind initial search in optimization algorithms, in order to guide the iterative process to avoid anatomically inconsistent solutions and avoid convergence to local minima. Results were quantitatively evaluated with ground-truth images using the relative mean squared error, showing that our results reached low error magnitudes. Qualitative evaluation also indicated that our results were morphologically consistent, mainly for classical PSO and ring-topology PSO with non-blind initial search.

556
Reconstruction of electrical impedance tomography images using chaotic self-adaptive ring-topology differential evolution and genetic algorithms
The exposition of living tissues to ionizing radiation can result on several health problems, increasing the probability of cancer. Efforts from both academy and industry to develop and improve non-invasive methods have been increasing since the 1990's. Electrical Impedance Tomography (EIT) is a noninvasive imaging technique that offers a vast field of possibilities for imaging diagnostics, once it is a low cost, portable, and safe of handling technology. Nevertheless, EIT image reconstruction is an ill-posed problem: there are no unique mathematical solutions to solve the Equation of Poison. Herein this work we present an EIT reconstruction method based on the finite-element method and the optimization of the relative error of reconstruction using Self-Adaptive Ring-Topology Differential Evolution (SRDE) and its modified version using chaotic mutation factor (CSRDE). Our proposal was compared with genetic algorithms and classical differential evolution strategies, considering initial populations of 100 individuals. CSRDE-based experiments were ran using 70 agents evolving by SRDE and 30 chaotic mutated agents generated from the 30 worst agents. Results were quantitatively evaluated with ground-truth images using the relative mean squared error, demonstrating that our results using CSRDE reached considerably low error magnitudes. Qualitative evaluation also indicated that our results were anatomically consistent.

557
Recovering pulse rate during motion artifact with a multi-imager array for non-contact imaging photoplethysmography
Photoplethysmography relies on characteristic changes in the optical absorption of tissue due to pulsatile (arterial) blood flow in peripheral vasculature. Sensors for observing the photoplethysmographic effect have traditionally required contact with the skin surface. Recent advances in non-contact imaging photoplethysmography have demonstrated that measures of cardiopulmonary system state, such as pulse rate, pulse rate variability, and respiration rate, can be obtained from a participant by imaging their face under relatively motionless conditions. A critical limitation in this method that must be resolved is the inability to recover these measures under conditions of head motion artifact. To investigate the adequacy of channel space dimensionality for the use of blind source separation in this context, nine synchronized, visible spectrum imagers positioned in a semicircular array centered on the imaged participant were used for data acquisition in a controlled lighting environment. Three-lead electrocardiogram and finger-tip reflectance photoplethysmogram were also recorded as ground truth signals. Controlled head motion artifact trial conditions were compared to trials in which the participant remained stationary, with and without the aid of a chinrest. Bootstrapped means of one-minute, non-overlapping trial segments show that, for situations involving little to no head motion, a single imager is sufficient for recovering pulse rate with an average absolute error of less than two beats per minute. However, error in the recovered pulse rate measurement for the single imager can be as high as twenty-two beats per minute when head motion artifact is severe. This increase in measurement error during motion artifact was mitigated by increasing the dimensionality of the imager channel space with multiple imagers in the array prior to applying blind source separation. In contrast to single-imager results, the multi-imager channel space resulted in an absolute error i- the recovered pulse rate measurement that is comparable with pulse rate measured via fingertip reflectance photoplethysmography. These results demonstrate that non-contact, imaging photoplethysmography can be accurate in the presence of head motion artifact when a multi-imager array is implemented to increase the dimensionality of the decomposed channel space.

558
Reducing data dimensions for systems engineering and risk management of transportation corridors
The agencies responsible for transportation corridors tend to hold large volumes of data that can be relevant for both operations and planning. Meanwhile, it is a challenge for these agencies to prioritize their investments addressing risk, benefits, and costs. The agencies recognize an opportunity to improve project selection and programming with a centralized database of performance measures that will aid a consistent application of evaluation metrics. To support the identification, planning, and selection of highway transportation projects, this research has used a data structure known as dynamic segmentation for cross-referencing heterogeneous data sources including projects, traffic, safety, bridge and pavement conditions, etc. The result is a multiscale method for agencies to utilize big-data analytics and multicriteria decision analysis to assemble evidence for project selection and prioritization. The paper describes an approach to (1) visualize multiple attributes along linearized road corridors to identify future projects, minimize conflicts with current projects, and identify potential project synergies and (2) prioritize projects to the Top-20 with multiple performance factors. The methods are demonstrated at several geographic scales. The effort supports a fast, repeatable, and evidence-driven prioritization of projects and provides a complement to the use of electronic map data that has been overwhelming the available computing resources.

559
Reducing false positives for residual-based on-line fault detection by means of filters
Departing from a previously demonstrated Residual-Based Fault-Detection system, where the residual signals are statistically tracked by means of tolerance bands, we introduce the use of filters as an intermediate step in the online operation of the system. This step will provide smoother residual signals where the underlying trend of the signal is kept and the significant anomalies pointing to potential fault candidates are still not filtered out. The research was performed with well-known existing filters, used in other domains such as engineering, image processing or econometrics. We demonstrate how the better stability of the residual signals significantly boosts the performance of a residual-based fault detection framework, decreasing the false positives rates whereas also increasing the true positives rates.

560
Region-based amplification system of speech for listeners with hearing impairments
In this paper, we propose a region-based amplification system of speech for listeners with hearing impairments using the Discrete Wavelet Transform (DWT). The proposed system classifies the speech waveform into four main regions then amplifies each one of them in particular sub-bands according to their frequency components. The classification scheme segments the waveform into silence, voiced, unvoiced or mixed regions. The amplification process consists in applying a set of variable gain factors within the selected sub-bands that have been generated using an audiometric frequency-scale. The DWT is used in both classification and amplification steps. Experimental results show that the proposed system delivers high quality amplification of speech regions.

561
Reliable service computing platform architecture for cross-organizational workflows
The extensive uses of Cloud Computing and Service-Oriented Architecture technologies have effectively prompted enterprises to implement cross-organizational workflow cooperative works. In the service-oriented large-scale distributed computing environment characterized by openness, dynamism and uncertainty, the reliable service computation for cross-organizational workflow applications is facing some new challenges. Based on the theory of enterprise ontology, we propose a reliable service computing platform architecture for cross-organizational workflow applications. In this paper, we discuss the system realization detail. First, we propose a semantic ontology model EOM (Enterprise Ontology Model) considering workflow's QoS and the trust evolvement of cross-organizational workflow services to support the reliable service modeling of cross-organizational business process. We also introduce the flexibility simulation algorithm and pre-treatment scheduling emergency mechanism. After discussing selection of trustworthy cooperative enterprises for cross-organizational workflows, we give a case application on process modeling for cross-organizational e-Learning services. The research is significant for modern enterprise management, cross-organizational workflow services and heterogeneous system integration.

562
Research on Grey-fuzzy comprehensive evaluation of aviation industry cluster maturity
Based on the main mode of development and research status of aviation industry cluster, and the combined method of literature analysis and expert investigation, the grey-fuzzy comprehensive evaluation model for evaluation of maturity of aviation industry cluster is proposed. The evaluation index system and factors set of the proposed model are established and determined sequentially. After that, the index weight is determined by using Likert Scale questionnaire analysis. The established index system combined qualitative and quantitative indicators together, which is within the employment of Grey-fuzzy comprehensive evaluation method. By taking Xi'an Yanliang aviation industry park as an example, the feasibility and practicability of the evaluation model was verified.

563
Research on performance evaluation and reconstruction strategy of transforming enterprise cooperation network based on G-AHP
Because of the pressing environmental problems and fierce market competition, the transformation aiming at collaborative creation of economic value and ecologic value becomes crucial strategy which supports the sustainable development of small and medium-sized manufacturing enterprises. Cooperation network with learning effect, complementary effect and economic effect is the strategic support for transformation of small and medium-sized manufacturing enterprises. From two dimensions of network structure performance and network ability performance, this paper constructs the network performance evaluation index system which includes network scope performance, the degrees of node contributions and relationship contributions, and network timeliness, accuracy and stability. The paper also evaluates the performance of economic and ecological cooperation networks by Grey Analytic Hierarchy Process(G-AHP), divides the cooperation network of small and medium-sized manufacturing enterprises into four types, namely, cooperation poverty, economic cooperation deficiency, ecological cooperation deficiency and balanced development, and then puts forward specific reconstruction strategies for the cooperation network of small and medium-sized manufacturing enterprises.

564
Revised binary tree data-driven model for valve stiction
Valve Stiction is a common nonlinear phenomenon in pneumatic control valves and it causes oscillations in the control loops. A model of valve stiction that is easy to implement and accurate is desired for analysis of this phenomenon. Compared with the physical model, the data-driven model does not require excess knowledge on various physical parameters, thus it is widely used in modeling and diagnosis of valve stiction behavior. In this paper, modifications are made to the Two-layer binary tree data-driven model to overcome its shortcomings on handling instantaneous input command on reverse motion. It has simpler logic structure compared with recent proposed XCH model. Accuracy of the revised binary tree model is then tested and validated by ISA control valve standard test.

565
Revisiting three ecological interface design experiments to investigate performance and control stability effects under normal conditions
This paper seeks to: (1) provide statistical evidence regarding operator task performance and control stability during the learning phase of two archival experiments in which participants in EID and non-EID interface groups were balanced by cognitive style; and (2) to compare task performance and control stability from these two experiments and a third archival experiment differentiated by the presence or absence of early faults and sensor noise. Participants in the EID condition of the first two studies 1) achieved target goals significantly faster, and 2) exhibited more stable control than those in the non-EID condition. When considered in context of the third study, the results again showed participants in the EID condition outperformed those in the non-EID condition. These results stand in contrast to previously reported findings, wherein no task performance differences were observed between these interface conditions.

566
Reward shaping for reinforcement learning by emotion expressions
In this paper, a non-expert learning system was proposed to guide the robots learn their behaviors by humans' emotional expressions. The proposed system used interval fuzzy type-2 algorithm to recognize the human's facial expressions, which were captured by a web camera. Furthermore, emotion value (E-value), generated based on non-expert human's facial expressions, was applied to the reinforcement learning to train robots. Two kinds of problems were experimented. One was the human being know the exact solution to train robots and could clearly observe good or bad choice robots had been made. The other one was human being did not know the exact solution but robots could still learn from human's experience. The experiment results show that no matter the learning environment could be clearly observed by human being or not, robots could learn from human's facial expressions by the proposed learning system.

567
Risk assessment on agricultural products by inter-regional flow estimation in disaster
In most countries, agricultural products are produced in countryside. When a disaster attacks these producing districts, the influence on urban areas as large consumer cities might be able to become serious. Moreover, agricultural products have space (producing district) deviation, time (shipping period) deviation, and the influence on consumer cities may change greatly with the developmental time term of a disaster. In such a situation, the existence value of a district with possibility as a source of supply becomes more important. This research aims at acquiring fundamental knowledge about the risk management of food supply by measuring the turn volume before and after a disaster, taking into account the situation where a part of supply of agricultural products becomes difficulty according to a disaster.

568
Robotic resource allocation for the observation of ablating target sources
Icebergs generated from ice ablation processes continue to be a threat for operations conducted in polar regions. Systems that have been developed to track and observe these threats often use either space-based radar imaging or visual observation by the crew of the ship. Both of these methods have disadvantages, mostly in terms of real-time observation or the physical abilities of the crew. We propose a robotic solution for in-situ observation of icebergs, so that countermeasures may be quickly implemented. Our focus in this work is the problem of allocating resources to observation regions: once areas of iceberg activity have been identified, how are robot observers assigned to these regions and what cost metric may be used to determine the best placement of robot observers. Our solution is currently demonstrated and evaluated in simulation.

569
Robust and efficient multi-robot 3D mapping with octree based occupancy grids
A technique for merging 3D octree based occupancy grid maps robust to error in transformation between map reference frames is proposed and implemented. Recent robotics applications require 3D representations of the environments in which robots are to operate. In many cases, such as Simultaneous Localization and Mapping (SLAM) and when a large environment is required to be mapped within a reasonable time constraint, it is not feasible for a single robot to map the entire portion of the environment required to be mapped. In these cases it is necessary for a team of robots to build maps independently and merge them into a single global map. The contribution of this work lies in the introduction of methods which use map data from commonly mapped portions of the environment with registration techniques such that maps may still be merged coherently despite erroneous relative transformations between maps. The results from this paper demonstrate that not only are octree occupancy grids a suitable representation for multi-robot 3D mapping, but that the proposed techniques for improving erroneous transformation estimates between map frames are valid.

570
Robust global scan matching method using congruence transformation invariant feature descriptors and a geometric constraint between keypoints
This paper proposes a new global scan matching algorithm using the CIF descriptors and a geometric constraint between keypoints. The CIF descriptor was proposed in our previous work. It is a feature decriptor that is invariant against a congruence transformation. In our previous work, our method was able to perform robust local scan matching using CIF decriptors, but was apt to fail global scan mathching where a large map is used as the reference scan. In this paper, in order to resolve this problem, we propose to use a geometric constraint between keypoints in addtion to the CIF decriptors for the global scan mathching task. Our method can perform global scan matching in a cluttered environment without using an initial alignment. Through experiment in real environment, we confirm the validity of our method by comparing the performance of our method and that of our previous method.

571
Robust sEMG electrodes configuration for pattern recognition based prosthesis control
Electromyographic (EMG) signal is the electrical manifestation of a muscle contraction. Surface EMG signal can be obtained by electrodes on the skin to control prosthetic hand. However, surface EMG is sensitive to environmental interference, which leads to a low motion recognition rate of prosthesis control when encountering unexpected interferences, like electrodes shift. Electrodes shift occurs particularly in the day-to-day use of wearing electrodes. As a result, a long-term training procedure is necessary. To solve this problem, this paper proposes a new sEMG electrodes configuration to reduce the interference caused by electrodes shift. Experiments are designed to verify the improvements through evaluating the classification accuracy of discriminating eleven hand motions by pattern recognition approach. The comparison results show that the proposed electrodes configuration increases the pattern recognition rate by 4% and 8% when applied kNN and LDA classifier, respectively. This paper suggests that optimising electrodes configuration is able to improve the EMG pattern discrimination and the proposed electrodes configuration has reference value.

572
Robust sampling-based trajectory tracking for autonomous vehicles
In real world motion planning tasks, autonomous vehicles can easily deviate away from their planned trajectories due to external disturbances, uncertain wheel/leg-terrain interaction, and other errors in the model used for planning. A possible solution to this problem consists in the continuous usage of replanning strategies. However, replanning is in general computationally intensive and its use should be minimized when possible. In this paper, a new methodology for robust trajectory tracking is proposed. The method generates, via sampling, correcting control inputs to drive the vehicle back to the desired trajectory. Due to the use of sampling, the methodology easily incorporates nonlinear planning models and integrates seamlessly with sampling-based motion planners. The paper presents simulation and preliminary experimental results showing the efficacy of the proposed approach and thus its potential application to motion planning tasks with real-time constraints.

573
Robust wireless positioning in urban environments via validated data, modeling and fuzzy inferences
To enhance the accuracy and robustness of wireless positioning in mixed line-of-sight (LOS)/non-LOS (NLOS) Manhattan-like street environments, we present a selective fuzzy-tuned extended Kalman filtering based interacting multiple-model (SFT-IMM-EKF) estimation algorithm for mobile localization. For the development of the proposed model-based algorithm, we introduce validated range and signal power measurements in which NLOS bias effects are limited under small/large scale multipath fading. Moreover, we propose a Markov state transitioned hybrid system framework with aggregate validated measurement data, NLOS modeling and fuzzy inferences for modeling the motion dynamics of a mobile station with respect to each base station. Simulations demonstrate that the proposed algorithm can reliably achieve much better localization accuracy and robustness than several existing methods.

574
Robustness of a new nonlinear positive controller for BIS tracking
In this paper, the study of the robustness of the positive control law introduced in [1] in the presence of parameter uncertainties is made. This controller was developed to track a desired reference level for the BIS of a patient by means of the simultaneous administration of propofol and of remifentanil. Here, it is proven that in the presence of uncertainties in the BIS model, the controller still has a good performance and the BIS of the patient converges to clinically acceptable values. These results are illustrated by simulations.

575
Robustness of syndrome analysis method in highly structured fault-diagnosis systems
F. P. Preparata et al. proposed a fault diagnosis model (PMC model) to find all fault units in the multicomputer system by using outcomes that each unit tests some other units. T. Kohda proposed a highly structured(HS) system and the syndrome analysis method(SAM) to diagnose from local testing results. In this paper, we introduce the maximum a posteriori probability algorithm(MAPDA) for the HS system in the probabilistic fault model. Analyzing the MAPDA, we show that the SAM is closer to the MAPDA as the fault probability becomes smaller. Finally, we show the robustness of the SAM in the HS system.

576
Rough fuzzy consistency measure with evolutionary algorithm for attribute reduction
Attribute reduction or feature selection is a mandatory processing part of any pattern recognition, data mining or machine learning system. High dimensional data in a real life problem poses a big challenge for data analysis in real time. Attribute reduction or feature subset selection helps the learning algorithm to perform efficiently by removing irrelevant and redundant information in the data. Feature subset selection requires an efficient measure for evaluation of feature set and an optimal search strategy for finding out the best feature subset from a large number of candidates. Though a large number of algorithms of feature subset selection with various combinations of evaluation measures with search techniques exist, none of them is perfect. Research is still going on in order to find out better algorithm with lesser cost. In this work, a rough fuzzy consistency based measure has been developed for the evaluation of feature set. The measure is combined with genetic algorithm(GA) and particle swarm optimization(PSO), both belong to class of evolutionary computation, for the design of optimal feature subset selection algorithm. Simple simulation experiments with bench mark data set from UCI machine learning database have been done to assess the efficiency of the proposed algorithms and the results are presented in the paper.

577
Route planning problem with groups of sightseeing sites classified by tourist's sensitivity under Time-Expanded Network
This paper proposes a sightseeing route planning problem with time-dependent traveling times among sightseeing sites. Since traveling times are dependent on the time of day, Time-Expanded Network (TEN), which contains a copy to the set of nodes in the underlying static network for each discrete time step, is introduced. In addition, it is hard to set satisfaction values at sightseeing sites numerically due to tourist's ambiguous sensitivity, but it is not difficult to classify sightseeing sites into several groups by the tourist. Therefore, the objective function of our proposed model is set to maximize the total visiting sightseeing sites in each group. The problem is a multiobjective programming problem, and hence, a principle of compromise is introduced to solve our proposed problem in network optimization. Furthermore, a strict algorithm is also developed to equivalently transform the main problem into the existing TEN-based problem.

578
Rule-based metainference for crisp-type two-string fuzzy inference systems
Two-string inference systems produce output values from activations of recommending rules, as in standard fuzzy inference systems, but also with respect to inhibitions or warnings produced by negative rules. Besides assuring that a forbidden output value must not occur, the crucial point with two-string inference is how the inference results from positive and negative rules can be combined to a single output membership function by which an output value can be calculated. In this paper, a new method for combining the output membership functions of both inference strings to a combined output membership function by means of fuzzy rule-based metainference is proposed. This method generalizes existing methods and additionally provides means to adjust or combine them in a transparent way. Moreover, the possibility of designing new context-dependent or -independent metainference patterns increases flexibility and applicability of two-string fuzzy inference.

579
SOM with neighborhood step decay for motor current based diagnostics
Embedded self-learning is a desired capability that can enhance autonomy in different types of unmanned systems. Autonomous diagnostics is an area of opportunity to deploy this capability, which allows for vehicle failure awareness and enables for other advantageous schemes such as fault tolerant control. In this paper, we present one subsystem of an ensemble of schemes that form the Enhanced Autonomous Health Monitoring System (EAHMS) designed to support NASA's Robotics, Tele-Robotics and Autonomous Systems Roadmap. The EAHMS is aimed to provide an integral framework to determine the operational condition of on-board sensors (odometry), actuators, and power systems. Within the EAHMS context, this paper outlines a method for diagnostics of a robotic vehicle mechanical mobility subsystem by motor current and vibration signature analysis based upon Self Organizing Maps (SOM) using an enhanced neighborhood step decay algorithm. The learning algorithm was tested for different learning rate functions and was applied to different training set cases. The resulting algorithm was used for conducting failure diagnostics in a testbed, where three types of transmission/motor mechanical failures were considered: (a) damaged chain link; (b) motor gearbox damage; and (c) damaged sprocket. A core goal of this diagnostic approach is to enhance a novel methodology called the embedded Collaborative Learning Engine (eCLE), which combines supervised and unsupervised learning synergistically to process new emerging data signatures. This technique for system enhancement and application results are described in this paper.

580
SQL injection attack detection method using the approximation function of zeta distribution
SQL injection attack is one of web application attack which intend to give damage to database on web application, it is the growing serious problem with increasing internet users. Generally, SQL injection attack is detected by listing system using web application firewall, but listing system has weakness for detecting a new attack. In order to overcome the weakness, detection method using machine learning and probabilistic model have been studied. However, that still has not reached a basic solution. In this paper, we give the formula to calculate the parameter of zeta distribution, and we propose a SQL injection attack detection method using the above formula. In addition, we have experimented to evaluate the performance of our proposed method, and we confirmed that the detection performance of attack data is well by comparing some conventional method.

581
SVM optimization algorithm based on dynamic clustering and ensemble learning for large scale dataset
This paper studies on the predicted regression model of support vector machines (SVM). Aiming at the shortage that with the amount of samples grows, training time increases rapidly as well, we propose an optimization algorithm to optimize it for large scale dataset. The optimization algorithm is based on ensemble learning and dynamic clustering. Firstly, we use dynamic cluster method to generate different types of sub training set based on fuzzy granular. Then we construct SVM sub-learners. Afterwards we synthesize outputs of each sub-learner by using the strategy of mean squared error. Simulation experimental results demonstrate that the optimization algorithm can increase training speed obviously, and keep the original accuracy compared to traditional SVM.

582
Safe autonomous navigation with a wall-following robot using interval Type-2 Fuzzy System in uncertain environments
In mobile robots navigation, there are two main topics: reaching a goal and avoiding obstacles on the path. However, a relevant problem in autonomous navigation is dealing with a lot of uncertainty in the environment. The fuzzy logic is a popular method used by most researchers and it can deal with uncertainty, proximity or uncompleted information. In this work, we present an approach with a safe autonomous navigation using the interval Type-2 Fuzzy System in a two wheeled wall-following robot on static and unknown environments. The results were reached with dynamic simulations on three distinct scenes. These simulations have been done to analyze the error, distance and time. The results reached a satisfactory performance navigation of robot using type-2 fuzzy system.

583
Safety applications using Kinect technology
Microsoft Kinect sensor was introduced with the XBOX gaming console. It features a simple and portable motion capturing system. Kinect nowadays presents a point of interest in many fields of study and areas of research where its affordable price compared to its capabilities. The Kinect sensor has the capability to capture and track detected 3D objects with accuracy comparable to that captured by state of the art commercial systems. Human safety is considered one of the highest concerns, specially nowadays where the existence of machines and robots is widely used. In this paper we present using the Kinect technology for enhancing the safety of equipment and operations in seven different applications. These applications include 1) positioning of child's car seat to optimise the child's position in respected to front and side air-bags; 2) board positioning system to improve the teacher's arm reach posture; 3) gas station safety to prevent children from accessing the gas pump; 4) indoor pool safety to avoid children access to deep pool area; 5) robot safety emergency stop; 6) Workplace safety; and 7) older adults fall prediction.

584
Sampling based control of a combustion process using a neural network model
An important application of neural networks is the identification of the dynamics of a nonlinear system with no known closed-form model, especially a system whose dynamic behavior may change with time. When this is done quickly and robustly, the model may be used for closed-loop Nonlinear Model Predictive Control (NMPC). NMPC methods that rely on linearization about an equilibrium point or excessive parameter tuning require a priori information that limits the robustness of those methods for a system with changing dynamic behavior. This paper presents a novel method for adaptive NMPC of multiple input, multiple output (MIMO) systems, called Sampling Based Model Predictive Control (SBMPC) that, like most MPC approaches, has the ability to enforce hard constraints on the system inputs and states. However, unlike other NMPC methods, it does not rely on linearizing the system or gradient based optimization. Instead, it discretizes the input space to the model via pseudo-random sampling and feeds the sampled inputs through the nonlinear plant, hence producing a graph for which an optimal path can be found using an efficient graph search method such as A* optimization. Although SBMPC can be applied to any form of a nonlinear model, here a radial basis function neural network is used to model the nonlinear system due to its ability to represent a very general class of nonlinear systems. Using the Minimal Resource Allocation Network (MRAN) learning algorithm, the neural network size and parameter values may be adjusted even while the controller is active. After presenting the general methodology, Adaptive SBMPC is used in simulation to control the chemical concentrations of flue gas exiting a steam boiler's combustion chamber, represented by a 3-state time-varying nonlinear model with two inputs and three outputs.

585
Searching for machine modularity using explorit
Modularity is vital to engineer complex products and machines. We assert that modularity can emerge in the context of desirable structures constrained to life cycle factors; and propose a method to evaluate machine modularity in the context of life cycle optimization. Experiments using explorit, a new and well suited global optimization algorithm, on fve relevant and divergent machine models show that it is possible to obtain tractable modules within the context of life cycle factors.

586
Selecting a small number of non-dominated solutions to be presented to the decision maker
A large number of non-dominated solutions are usually obtained as a result of a single run of an EMO (evolutionary multi-objective optimization) algorithm. When the number of objectives is two, all the obtained non-dominated solutions can be easily shown in the objective space. A single final solution is to be chosen by the decision maker from the presented solutions. The increase in the number of objectives makes it very difficult to present the obtained non-dominated solutions in a visually understandable manner. It is also very difficult for the decision maker to examine the presented solutions for choosing a single final solution when the number of objectives is large. These discussions suggest the use of a small population in an EMO algorithm. However, a large population is needed to search for the entire Pareto front of a many-objective problem. In this paper, we discuss the selection of a small number of solutions to be presented to the decision maker from a large number of the obtained non-dominated solutions. This is to satisfy the following two requests: (i) A large population is needed to search for the entire Pareto front, and (ii) the decision maker does not want to manually examine a large number of solutions. We propose a use of a two-step solution set selection approach. The first step is offline multi-objective optimization where a large number of nondominated solutions are obtained. The second step is solution set selection where only a small number of solutions are chosen from a large number of obtained solutions. The selected solutions are presented to the decision maker. We explain some strategies for solution set selection in the second step. Our focus is not how to choose a single final solution but how to select a small number of promising solutions to be presented to the decision maker.

587
Selection of a Business Process Management system: An analysis based on a Multicriteria problem
Business Process Management (BPM) is known as a management approach that uses tools and methods to support business process analysis, project and control in an efficient manner. A prominent means by which to ensure the success of BPM is by using Information Technology (IT) tools as Business Process Management Systems (BPMS). However, the selection of a BPMS is not an easy task since there are several different types of systems, and each has its own specific characteristics. Due to the complexity of the problem, a systematic proposal, based on Multicriteria Decision Aid, is put forward for selecting BPMS considering the needs of a given organization. In order to illustrate the applicability of the proposal, two cases studies were developed, together with two different IT experts, which provided satisfactory results and evidence that the proposal is appropriate for this kind of problem.

588
Selection of the best mental tasks for a SVM-based BCI system
In this work, a study that analyzes the best combinations of mental tasks in a Brain-Computer Interface (BCI) using a classifier based on Support Vector Machine (SVM) is presented. To that end, 12 mental tasks of different nature are analyzed and the results of the classification for the combinations of two, three and four tasks are obtained. Four volunteers performed registers of the 12 tasks. The main goal is to find the combination of more than three mental tasks that obtains the highest reliability to apply it in future complex applications that require the use of more than three control commands. After a selection procedure, the results obtained show higher success rates. Using the information provided by every single electrode, an average of 87.10% is obtained as success rate for the classification of two mental tasks, 65.67% for three mental tasks and 50.76% for four mental tasks. Moreover combinations of the best electrodes are studied, improving the accuracy of the system. Using the best five electrodes, averages of 91.42%, 72.89% and 59.75% are obtained classifying two, three and four mental tasks respectively. These results suggest that it is possible to differentiate with enough reliability between more than three mental tasks using the methodology proposed.

589
Selective visuo-haptic rendering of heterogeneous objects in “parallel universes”
Haptic rendering of complex models is usually prohibitive due to its much higher update rate requirement compared to visual rendering. Previous works have tried to solve this issue by introducing local simulation or multi-rate simulation for the two pipelines. Although these works have improved the capacity of haptic rendering pipeline, they did not take into consideration the situation of heterogeneous objects in one scenario, where rigid objects and deformable objects coexist in one scenario and close to each other. In this paper, we propose a novel idea to support interactive visuo-haptic rendering of complex heterogeneous models. The idea incorporates different collision detection and response algorithms and have them seamlessly switched on and off on the fly, as the HIP travels in the scenario. The selection of rendered models is based on the hypothesis of “parallel universes”, where the transition of rendering one group of models to another is totally transparent to users. To facilitate this idea, we proposed a procedure to convert the traditional single universe scenario into a “multiverse” scenario, where the original models are grouped and split into each parallel universe, depending on the scenario rendering requirement rather than just locality. We also proposed to add simplified visual objects as background avatars in each parallel universe to visually maintain the original scenario while not overly increase the scenario complexity. We tested the proposed idea in a haptically-enabled needle thoracostomy training environment and the result demonstrates that our idea is able to substantially accelerate visuo-haptic rendering with complex heterogeneous scenario objects.

590
Semantic anonymization of medical records
In recent years, especially with the backing of HIPPA, anonymization of records became an increasing concern. Much research has been done in the area of anonymization of medical records. Anonymization is often based on generalizing, or removing, several fields which have been deemed identifiable. Little research has been done on anonymizing patient symptoms themselves. In this paper, we propose an algorithm for anonymizing patient symptom data, for the use by researchers, using a semantically-driven ontology and methodology known as Ontological Semantic Technology.

591
Sensitivity analysis of human driving characteristics on road and driving conditions for active vehicle control systems
This paper presents a sensitivity analysis of a human driver model under various road and driving conditions. With the increasing number of active vehicle control and driver-assistive systems, behaviors of human drivers are becoming more important to vehicle control, safety, and performance. As of now, these active vehicle control and driver-assistive systems are designed based on the one-size-fits-all approach with no explicit considerations or adaptations to the individual human driver characteristics variations. To further enhance the performances of such active vehicle control systems, a thorough understanding on the sensitivities of human driving characteristics to the road and driving conditions will be instrumental. In this paper, based on a human driver steering model, a sensitivity analysis was concluded to show how the driver characteristics, operating conditions, and road parameters affect the vehicle motions in given driving maneuvers. The results based on CarSim® simulations suggest that velocity and tire-road friction coefficient are the most sensitive vehicle operating and road parameters while the human driver's steering gain and driver preview time are the most sensitive human driving characteristic parameters in affecting the vehicle motion control performances.

592
Sentiment analysis in financial markets A framework to utilize the human ability of word association for analyzing stock market news reports
As financial markets getting faster and more complex, it is difficult for market participants to manage the information overload. Sentiment analysis is a useful text mining method to process textual content and filter the results with analysis methods to relevant and meaningful information. The paper in hand introduces a new method for sentiment analysis in financial markets which combines word associations and lexical resources. Based on stock market news from January 2000 to February 2014 we analyzed documents on different levels. The results are presented and evaluated in this paper.

593
Service-oriented distributed control software design for process automation systems
Improving software development efficiency and reusability of existing programs is an important topic for industrial automation. Recently, modern software paradigms have been introduced into the automation domain such as object-oriented programming using the IEC 61131-3 standard and component-based design based on the IEC 61499 standard. In this paper, another software paradigm - service-oriented architecture is applied to the software design for automation programs. The proposed SOA pattern is based on a multi-layered structure with enhanced reusability and flexibility. A case study of water heating system is implemented to prove the concept of SOA paradigm.

594
Shared features for multiple face-based biometrics
People often make instant judgments about the age, health, mood, personality and character of others based on their facial features. It is not clear from a cognitive aspect whether these different traits require different sets of features or a shared feature set. Till date, much of the computational face image analysis work such as face recognition, face-based deceit detection, age estimation, gender estimation, etc, have been developed on datasets and features specific only to the problem-at-hand. In this paper, we explore an approach for performing face image analysis using a shared set of features for different tasks. By performing unsupervised learning on a large collection of face images, we learn the parameters of a probabilistic generative face model, and by projecting a new face image into this probabilistic space, we obtain a set of face features not created for any specific face analysis tasks. We investigate the use of such shared features and successfully predict the level of attractiveness, whether or not a face is made-up, the facial expression, and the gender of a person, given any arbitrary, near-frontal face image.

595
Short term electrical load forecasting for mauritius using Artificial Neural Networks
The Central Electricity Board is the sole utility responsible for the generation, transmission, distribution and sale of electrical power in Mauritius. The country's highest peak demand increased from 353.1 MW in 2005 to 367.3 MW in 2006 and corresponding annual consumptions increased from 2014.9 GWh to 2091.1 GWh and these figures are continuously increasing every year. In this paper, different Artificial Neural Network models are proposed for Short Term Load Forecasting (STLF) of the Mauritian electrical load. It is shown that models based on a combined supervised/unsupervised architecture provide better forecasting abilities compared to those relying on supervised architectures only. This is achieved by clustering of data.

596
Short term power prediction of the photovoltaic power station based on comparison of power profile sequences using F-Score computation
Due to the annual increase in energy prices, photovoltaic power stations (PVPS) are often used as a primary source of power for smart off-grid houses. Integration of this kind of energy source is challenging because it is a source of variably generated power due to meteorological uncertainty, but the cost of this energy source rapidly decreases. In this paper, we present results of the short term prediction method of generated power for small PVPS based on self-organizing maps, previously introduced power profiles, their sequences and computing F-Score as an alternative to commonly used algorithms.

597
Short-range UWB radar: Surveillance robot equipment of the future
Autonomous robots are intelligent machines capable of performing tasks by themselves, without explicit human control. They can find quit a number of unique applications. Here, their utilisation for surveillance, monitoring and reconnaissance in hostile and dangerous to life environment intent on human being detection and/or static object imaging is up-to-date, promising and challenging as well. The fruitfulness of this application of robot systems is determined by many factors. The effective and reliable sensor system for human being detection and localization and static object imaging under wide variety of scenarios can be rated among them. In the last decade, it has been shown that ultra-wideband (UWB) radars (sensors) can be used with advantage as day and night, and under all-weather conditions sensors for person localization and static object imaging. Taking into account this fact, this paper will be intent on the analyses of UWB sensor applicability as the part of the smart sensor systems of robots to be used at emergency situation solutions. Summarizing the results of theoretical analyses and experiments with UWB sensors presented in the paper, it will be concluded that the short-range UWB radars have the great potential to be used as a standard equipment of surveillance and reconnaissance robot systems of future.

598
Simulated annealing-based decision support system for routing problems
The spatial character intrinsic to the routing field requires the integration of geographic information systems (GIS) and optimization approaches to handle spatial and non-spatial data in transportation applications. Motivated by the need to better support decision making in logistic area, we develop an interactive spatial decision support system (SDSS) for solving the vehicle routing problems by coupling the simulated annealing method with Quantum GIS (QGIS). In this paper, the evoked variants of VRP are detailed and formulated mathematically. The SDSS architecture is designed for the VRPs showing the interaction of GIS and SA approach according to the tight coupling strategy. A VRP variant termed the Open VRP (OVRP) is selected to show the system effectiveness. The computational performance of the SDSS for the OVRP, based on a set of benchmark instances, turned out to be effective on both computation time and solution quality.

599
Simulating context-driven activity cascades in online social networks on the google exacycle platform
In this work a micro-scale generative model for simulating context-driven information cascades in online social networks is presented and analyzed. Activity cascades on online social networks are explained by the dynamic variation in the spectral radius of the sociologically derived local influence matrix. A stochastic discrete-event agent-based simulator working with synthesized graph topologies, that emulates people's behavior on online social networks is used in conjunction with time-varying local models to generate macro-level activity cascades.

600
Simulation modeling and visualization of start-up transient processes of dual-arm cluster tools with wafer revisiting
The trends of increasing wafer diameter and smaller lot sizes from 25 wafers to a few wafers have led to more transient periods in wafer fabrication, thereby requiring more research on the optimal execution of transient processes. For some wafer fabrication processes, such as atomic layer deposition (ALD), wafers need to visit some process modules for a number of times, instead of once, thus leading to a so-called revisiting process. Research on transient processes of dual-arm cluster tools with wafer revisit processes becomes urgently needed for high-performance wafer fabrication. A cluster tool has no buffer except its robot, which makes its scheduling difficult. Thus, in order to study a cluster tool with revisiting process, a simulation system is helpful. This work develops a simulation model and system for a dual-arm cluster tool with a wafer revisit by using eM-Plant as a simulation platform. The resultant simulation system can be used for analysis and optimization of transient processes. An illustrative example is given to show its applications.

601
Simulation of insulin regimen and glucose profiles in Type 1 diabetic patient
A composite model, describing the glucose/insulin dynamics following daily food administration and insulin injections in Type 1 Diabetes Mellitus patients is presented. Three daily meals have been simulated, food intake representing four different types of foodstuffs, along with three rapid-acting insulin injections and one long-acting insulin injection. Three different scenarios (depending on whether food intake and/or administration times were fixed or random) were hypothesized: simulations show a very realistic time-course for both glucose and insulin dynamics over long (20 days) and short (one day) time periods.

602
Situation awareness with different levels of automation
What effect will periods of automated driving will have on driver performance after transfer of control? In our driving simulator experiment (N = 48) participants in four different automation conditions (fully autonomous vehicle, autonomous steering, autonomous speed control, no automation) were evaluated based on their post-transition accident avoidance, situational awareness, and feelings of trust in and comfort with autonomous or partially autonomous driving. Preliminary results from behavioral data show significant differences in time to initiate evasive action across conditions. Participants in the fully autonomous condition showed greater trust and comfort with the car's autonomous features than those in the autonomous speed control condition.

603
Skin lens: Skin assessment video filters
This paper presents a framework for real-time skin analysis. Our system consists of two filters for skin redness analysis and pigmented skin lesions analysis. In skin redness analysis, we search for skin regions in video frames and assess size and degree of redness in skin regions. In order to analyze pigmented skin lesions we localize potential moles of different sizes utilizing multiple difference of Gaussian filters and apply trained Support Vector Machine and K-Nearest Neighbors to eliminate non-mole candidates from the previous stage. After finding mole candidates we present information about the symmetry and border irregularity of candidate moles. To test real-time performance of our system a prototype application on iPhone 4S and iPhone 5S was implemented.

604
Sliding mode control for switched nonlinear systems under asynchronous switching
In this paper, an integral sliding mode control approach is employed to analyze the mean-square exponential stability for a class of uncertain switched nonlinear stochastic systems under asynchronous switching signals. Firstly, an integral sliding surface is designed and a sufficient condition for its existence are presented to guarantee the mean-square exponential stability of switched systems in the sliding motion. Then variable controllers are designed such that switched systems remain in the sliding motion from the initial time instant. Due to the asynchronous switching between system modes and the corresponding controllers, the results presented allow the closed-loop systems to be unstable in the mismatched periods. Finally, a numerical example is presented to illustrate the effectiveness of the proposed results.

605
Smart grid and renewable for energy security in China
This paper presents few key issues that must be taken into account for energy system development and planning. Discussions on energy efficiency, renewables deployment and energy policy are required to improve energy security of any countries. Some figures in China will be used to demonstrate the proposed ideas. Some novel strategies and methods will be discussed. An example on demand response will be included.

606
Smart meter data analytics: Prediction of enrollment in residential energy efficiency programs
Massive rollout of residential smart meters has spurred interest in processing the highly granular data available from these devices. Whereas the majority of smart meter data analytics is devoted to characterization of household electric appliances and their operational schedules, little work has been done to leverage these data to predict household propensity to enroll in energy efficiency and demand response programs. The state-of-the-art methodology for household enrollment prediction involves measurable household characteristics (e.g., age, household income, education, presence of children, average energy bill) and a multivariate logistic regression that connects these predictor variables with the probability to enroll. Unfortunately, the prediction accuracy of this method is just slightly better than 50%, and the required household data are not freely available to utilities/ program contractors. We developed a new method for prediction of household propensity to enroll using only hourly electricity consumption data from households' smart meters, collected over twelve months. The method implements advanced machine learning algorithms to reach an unprecedented prediction accuracy of about 90%. This level of accuracy was obtained in our study of a US West Coast behavior-based residential program.

607
Smart nitrate-selective electrochemical sensors with electrospun nanofibers modified microelectrode
This paper presents a highly sensitive dedicated sensor that selectively measures nitrate ions. Nitrate-selective electrode of the three-electrode electrochemical sensor is formed by modifying the working electrode of the sensor with a novel nanofibrous mat made of conductive polypyrrole nanofibers. The nanofibers are formed by electrospinning technique. By doping the polypyrrole nanofibers with nitrate ions during an electrochemical polymerization process, numerous nanopores complimentary to the size of the target ions are created in the surface of the nanofibers, thus forming nitrate selective trapping sites. In addition, the porous structure of the nanofibers provides a large surface area of interacting with the analyte. This leads to high sensitivity of the sensor at the level of 1-2 nA per μM. The design, fabrication, and characterization of this new sensor are presented. The results are also discussed.

608
Social relation extraction of large-scale logistics network based on mapreduce
Social network is a social structure of nodes that are linked by various kinds of relationships, such as friends, web links, etc. To extract social relation based on logistics data will contribute significantly to detect some underlying crimes. One of the main difficulties in social relation extraction from massive data is the low time efficiency. Fortunately, large scale parallel computation has been proved that it has an excellent capacity to cope with big data. In this paper, a MapReduce-based method was applied for extraction of social relation from logistics network using Hadoop platform. Experimental results showed that the proposed method improves the time efficiency well, and has more excellent scalability than traditional methods executed by a single machine.

609
Soft systems methodology in net-centric cyber defence system development
Complexity is ever increasing within our information environment and organisations, as interdependent dynamic relationships within sociotechnical systems result in high variety and uncertainty from a lack of information or control. A net-centric approach is a strategy to improve information value, to enable stakeholders to extend their reach to additional data sources, share Situational Awareness (SA), synchronise effort and optimise resource use to deliver maximum (or proportionate) effect in support of goals. This paper takes a systems perspective to understand the dynamics within a net-centric information system. This paper presents the first stages of the Soft Systems Methodology (SSM), to develop a conceptual model of the human activity system and develop a system dynamics model to represent system behaviour, that will inform future research into a net-centric approach with information security. Our model supports the net-centric hypothesis that participation within a information sharing community extends information reach, improves organisation SA allowing proactive action to mitigate vulnerabilities and reduce overall risk within the community. The system dynamics model provides organisations with tools to better understand the value of a net-centric approach, a framework to determine their own maturity and evaluate strategic relationships with collaborative communities.

610
Solving fuzzy programming with a consistent fuzzy number ranking
Some illustrative examples are provided to identify the ineffective and unrealistic characteristics of existing approaches to solving fuzzy linear programming (FLP) problems (with single or multiple objectives). We point out the error in existing methods concerning the ranking of fuzzy numbers and thence suggest an effective method to solve the FLP. Based on the consistent centroid-based ranking of fuzzy numbers, the FLP problems are transformed into non-fuzzy single (or multiple) objective linear programming. Solutions of FLP are then crisp single or multiple objective programming problems, which can respectively be obtained by conventional methods.

611
Solving performances of PSO networks with temporal couplings
In this paper, a temporal coupling network topology is introduced in a particle swarm optimizer network. In the proposed method, each sub-swarm group of particles stochastically determines whether to communicate to the other sub-swarm groups. By controlling the communication rate, the diversity of the obtained solutions is generated, and the number of interprocess communications is reduced. Resulting of them, the search performances can be improved and the parallel-distributed computing with high parallelism can be realized. The proposed method is evaluated by computer simulations and the effectiveness of the proposed method is discussed.

612
Solving the p-median problem by a simple differential evolution
Differential evolution is a real-parameter metaheuristic optimization method with a history of successful applications in many different domains. The p-median problem is a well-known combinatorial optimization problem with several possible formulations and many practical applications in areas such as operational research and planning. It has been also used as a testbed for various heuristic and metaheuristic optimization algorithms. This work uses a simple variant of the differential evolution to solve the p-median problem and evaluates the efficiency of this method in a series of computational experiments.

613
Sound annotation tool for multidirectional sounds based on spatial information extracted by HARK robot audition software
With the rise of inexpensive microphone array products and the robot audition software called HARK, we can record and analyze multidirectional sound sources easily. The combination of microphone array and the software enables us to separate, localize, and track multidirectional sound sources. Most of the solutions for accessing these separated sound source information provide clients for interpreting simplified information about the separated sources, but not to directly execute the semantic annotations. Since the multidirectional sound annotation requires simultaneous labeling of separated sound sources and a multidirectional overview of the sources, it is essential to have an efficient way of annotation and an intuitive view of multidirectional sounds. Our proposed sound annotation tool provides drag & drop operation of annotation with a 3D sound source view and also provides annotation autocompletion with a SVM trained with the user's annotation history. The proposed features enable users to do the annotation task intuitively and confirm its result. We also conducted an evaluation demonstrating the efficiency of annotation done using the tool.

614
Source-reliability-adaptive distributed information fusion
A source-reliability-adaptive distributed non-linear estimation method based on distributed Soft-Data-Constrained Multi-Model Particle Filtering (SDCMMPF) and applicable to a number of distributed state estimation problems is proposed. The proposed method requires only local data exchange among neighbouring sensor nodes, it therefore provides enhanced reliability, scalability, and ease of deployment. In particular, by taking into account the estimate reliability of each sensor node at any point in time, it yields a more robust distributed estimation. To perform the Multi-Model Particle Filtering (MMPF) in an adaptive distributed manner, a Gaussian approximation of the particle cloud obtained at each sensor node along with a weighted Consensus Propagation (CP) based distributed data aggregation scheme are deployed to dynamically re-weight the particles' weights. The filtering approach in this paper is a soft-data constrained variant of the multi-model particle filter presented in our earlier work, and is capable of processing both soft human-generated data and conventional hard sensory data. In case of permanent noise in the estimation provided by a sensor node, due to either a faulty sensing device or misleading soft data, the contribution of that node in the weighted consensus process is immediately reduced in order to alleviate its effect on the estimation provided by the neighbouring nodes and the entire network. The robustness of the proposed method is demonstrated through simulation results for an agile target tracking task.

615
Sparsification of voice data using Discrete Rajan Transform and its applications in speaker recognition
This paper proposes a novel technique of sparsing speech data and compressing it in spectral domain. Discrete Rajan Transform is applied to voice data and the spectrum is sparsed by retaining the first component CPI (Cumulative Point Index) of the spectrum and forcing the other spectral components to zero. Thus the spectrum could be compressed to a maximum of 12.5% of the original data. As and when required the compressed spectrum could be synthesized using Inverse Discrete Rajan Transform and the reconstructed speech data analyzed for speaker recognition. Speaker recognition accuracy to a maximum of 93.5% has been obtained in this case.

616
Spatiotemporal monitoring of TOC concentrations in lake mead with a near real-time multi-sensor network
Forest fires, soil erosion, and land use changes in watersheds nearby Lake Mead and inflows from Las Vegas Wash into the lake are considered as sources of the lake's water quality impairment. These conditions result in higher concentration of Total Organic Carbon (TOC). TOC in contact with Chlorine which is often used for disinfection purposes of drinking water supply causes the formation of trihalomethanes (THMs). THM is one of the toxic carcinogens controlled by the EPA's disinfection by-product rule. As a result of the threat posed to the drinking water used by the 25 million people downstream, recreational area, and wildlife habitat of Lake Mead, it is necessary to develop a method for near real-time monitoring of TOC in this area. Monitoring through a limited number of ground-based monitoring stations on a weekly/monthly basis is insufficient to capture both spatial and temporal variations of water quality changes. In this study, the multi-sensor remote sensing technology linking those ground-based TOC analyzers and two satellites with the aid of data fusion and mining techniques provides us with near real time information about the spatiotemporal distribution of TOC for the entire lake on a daily basis. A data fusion method was applied to bridge the gap of poor 250/500m spatial resolution for the land bands of Moderate Resolution Imaging Spectroradiometer (MODIS) imageries with the 30 m enhanced spatial resolution of Landsat's imageries which suffers from long overpass of 16 days. Consequently, near-real time Integrated Multi-sensor Fusion and Mining (IDFM) techniques produce synthetic fused images of MODIS and Landsat satellites with both high spatial and temporal resolution in order to create near-real time TOC distribution maps updated by ground-based TOC analyzers and lead to sustainable water quality management with the aid of IDFM in Lake Mead watershed.

617
Spectral-spatial hyperspectral image destriping using low-rank representation and Huber-Markov random fields
This paper presents a novel spectral-spatial destriping method for hyperspectral images. The ubiquitous striping noise in hyperspectral images might degrade the quality of the imagery and bring difficulties in hyperspectral data processing. Although numerous methods have been proposed for striping noise reduction recently, most of them fail to consider the spectral correlation and spatial information of the hyperspectral images simultaneously. In order to remedy this drawback, the proposed method integrates the spectral and spatial information to remove the striping noise in the hyperspectral images. To this end, firstly, the low-rank representation (LRR) is used to take advantage of the spectral information. Then, the spatial information is included using a Huber-Markov random field (MRF) prior model, which is convex and can well preserve the edge and texture information while removing the noise. The experimental results on simulated and real hyperspectral data sets demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed method.

618
Speech description through MINERS: Model Invariant to Noise and Environment Robust for Speech
This paper presents a new speech descriptor called MINERS. It uses image analysis, Mel-Frequency Cepstrum Coefficients (MFCC), and a combination of Wavelet denoising and Power Normalized Cepstral Coefficients (PNCC) Temporal Masking. The purpose of this descriptor is to make easier feature extraction for speech. The descriptor is invariant to noise, environment, and speaker. For evaluation, NOIZEUS database was used for speech recognition through two classifiers: Support Vector Machine (SVM) and Hidden Markov Model (HMM). MINERS has better results among all other evaluated descriptors. The most successful approach was obtained using MINERS with a SVM classifier.

619
Spinning tri-layer-circle memory modeling for template updating during moving object tracking
Inspired by the mechanism of human brain three-stage memory model, this paper develops a spinning tri-layer-circle memory model(STLC-MM) and applies it for template updating during object tracking. Three memory spaces are defined to store and process the object templates used in the tracking framework. Each memory space, which has a fixed input window and a fixed output window, is denoted by a circle and can spin with different speed. With three circle memory spaces spinning, templates in the three memory spaces are updated by imitating the cognitive process of memorization, recall, and forgetting. Then all the templates in the output windows of the three memory spaces are compared with the estimated template respectively, and the most similar template is selected as the final output of the STLC-MM. Finally, STLC-MM is incorporated into a particle filter (PF) framework in order to verify the effect of our proposed model. Experimental results show that the proposed method is more robust to sudden appearance changes and serious occlusions.

620
Spiral projection model (SPM): A new algorithm for robust template matching
This paper describes a robust template matching algorithm undergoing rotation-scaling-translation (RST) variations via our proposed spiral projection model (SPM). Compared to other model-based methods, the proposed algorithm provides the structural and statistical information about the template in a more general and easier to comprehend format. The well-defined spiral-based projection provides high sensitivity and high scanning efficiency compared with ring projection [1]. It also preserves the inherent spatial information better than the radial projection [2]. In addition, we introduced a novel image warping scheme called the spiral aggregation map (SAM). It not only provides an efficient method for generating the desired projection profiles for matching, it also enables us to determine the rotation angle, and is invariant to scale changes. The experimental evaluation shows that the properties of the algorithm achieved very attractive results.

621
Stability of dynamic brain models in neuropercolation approximation
In this paper, the basic building blocks of the intentional neurodynamics cycle are studied using probabilistic cellular automata. We apply the mean field neuropercolation model to describe the dynamics of coupled excitatory-inhibitory neural populations. The model exhibits a phase transition between a background point attractor and narrow-band (limit-cycle) behavior, depending of the choice of system parameters. Metastable dynamics near criticality is investigated. We show the existence of various regions with unstable and multiple stable equilibria. The results are relevant to modeling cognitive phase transitions observed in brains during awareness experience.

622
Steering driver assistance system: A systematic cooperative shared control design approach
Several publications have shown that it is beneficial to design a driver assistance system using a shared control structure. For the steering task this structure can be realized with a setup in which driver and automation can apply a torque on the steering wheel in parallel. Thereby both, driver and assistance system, interact with the vehicle and each other over the haptical channel. In the system the driver is given and cannot be changed. The question is how to design the assistance system controller as an ideal complement to the driver. In this paper a formal design concept is applied to this problem which utilizes the fact that adding a controller to the overall system has to lead to a Nash equilibrium. Remaining degrees of freedom are used to optimize the designed controller with respect to a global objective function that specifies overall system performance. We refer the concept as “cooperative shared control design”. For the concept driver and vehicle are modeled as a differential game. We show systematically that this concept can be used to determine the optimal assistance system if the driver characteristics are known. Simulations prove the applicability of this concept.

623
Strategic Options Development and Analysis to identify criteria to evaluate segmentation problems of a water distribution network
Due to ageing and depreciation of the water distribution network components, leaks and ruptures are common on the water network. These problems can cause the water loss, sometimes the water contamination and the discontinuity in water supply, due the supply interruption during the infrastructure repair, as well as reduction of available water in the system, causing the users to be dissatisfied. To perform maintenance is necessary to close part of the water distribution network and its process is called network segmentation. However, several aspects (criteria) must be evaluated for the efficient allocation of segmentation valves. Therefore, this paper proposes the use of the Strategic Options Development and Analysis to survey criteria to evaluate alternatives for segmentation of water distribution network.

624
Strategic collaboration analysis among decision makers within the graph model for conflict resolution
The purpose of this paper is to provide mathematical methods to analyze strategic collaboration among decision makers within the graph models of conflicts. Decision makers' influence related to collaboration in a group decision is provided by the proposed methods. The author also gives another method to clarify coalitions which each decision maker has a conflict with. Examples how the proposed methods work are given in this paper. Interrelationships between the proposed methods and the existing stability concepts are reviewed.

625
Structured action classification with hypergraph regularization
Traditional multi-class classifying methods treat outputs separately. It leads to a multiclass problem with a very large number of classes and downgrades the performance of classifiers. Actually, the outputs of different testing samples are usually interdependent. Therefore, we propose a novel method of structured classification based on SVM and hypergraph regularization (Hyper-SSVM). First, it exploits the structure and dependencies within classifying outputs. Second, we impose local constraints to samples by using Hypergraph regularization. We apply the proposed Hyper-SSVM to action classification. The experimental results demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed method.

626
Study of The Complexity of a City District Using a Three-Dimensional City Form And Its Relationship to Environmental Cognition
Further insights into urban space theory and environment theory are required to understand how the local environment is formed and how “harmonious coexistence with the environment” should be constructed while respecting urban daily life. However, if the structure of mutual relationships between the environment and people are maintained, and concurrently,the question of whether the subject and environment affect each other, is not interpreted, it is impossible to construct an effective environment theory.

627
Study of the friction effect on the stability of a three-rigid link object manipulated by two cooperative robot arms
This work presents a study of the frictional effect on the stability of a three-rigid link object manipulated by two cooperative robot arms in a plane. It is supposed that the three-rigid link object interacts with the two robot arms at multi contact points to perform the nonprehensile manipulation of the object. The object is figured out in a way such that one of the arms is in contact with two links of the object, while the other arm is free to slide along the third link. The effect of changing frictional forces at the contact points as well as their directions on the stability of the manipulated object is to be explored by defining the system constraints. A definition of what is called the “Stability Margin” is obtained. For the same orientation of the object links, the Stability Margin is a region of equilibrium contact points between the sliding arm and the corresponding object link where the robot arm could be placed in without dropping the object. Later, an experimental system consisting of a three-rigid link object and a two planar robot arms manipulation system is equipped to verify the concept.

628
Study of the product color's image based on the event-related potentials
This research presents a new approach to explore the relationship between perception of product's color and their image. Event-related potentials (ERP) are used to reveal the brain responds to variation of image words within the same color category. Sofa was used as an example in this study. Firstly, all of the sample sofa pictures were made in the warm color tone according to the HSB color space; Next, through a questionnaire survey, we deduced that the three adjective words to match the color in three degree are: (i) passionate, (ii)mild, (iii) refreshing. The evaluation result showed that the reaction time were shorter for Related (passionate) and Conflict words (mild) than for the Vague word (refreshing). P200 and N400 components were identified in the -100 to 600 ms interval by the repeated analysis. The P200 component was larger for the related condition than for the unrelated condition, in addition, a right anterior P200 effect was observed. Meanwhile, the N400 component can be elicited by both Vague word and Conflict word, which suggested that these two kinds of word were not match the image of the target color. These findings reveal that the ERP can identify the relationship between semantic and perception of color sensitively, therefore, can help designers in achieving a desirable image of product's color effectively.

629
Study on Cluster-structured Spiral Optimization
In recent years, the authors proposed a new multipoint metaheuristics, called Spiral Optimization (SPO), based on analogy of spiral phenomena for continuous optimization problems. The search points moving toward the common center with logarithmic spiral trajectories can find better solutions. In this paper, we propose a Cluster-structured SPO that aims to enhance diversification property to search the solution space more globally than the original SPO. The effectiveness and search performance of the proposed method are confirmed through simulation for typical benchmark functions.

630
Study on the effect of learning parameters on decision boundary making algorithm
The purpose of our study is to induce compact and high performance machine learning models. In our earlier study, we proposed a decision boundary making (DBM) algorithm. The main philosophy of the DBM algorithm is to reconstruct a high performance model with much smaller cost. In our study, we use support vector machine as a high performance model, and a multilayer neural network, i.e., multilayer perceptron (MLP), as the small model. Experimental results obtained so far show that high performance and compact MLPs can be obtained using DBM. However, there are several parameters of DBM that need to be adjusted appropriately in order to achieve better performance. In this paper, we investigate the effect of parameter N, which is the number of newly generated data, on the performance of obtained MLPs. We discuss the issue that how many new data we should generate to obtain a better performance of DBM. We also investigate the effect of outliers on the performance of the obtained MLPs. Outliers are generally known to be harmful for pattern recognition. Our experimental results show, however, that for some databases, outliers can be useful for obtaining high performance MLPs.

631
Studying network morphology in common developmental genomes
In most EvoDevo (Evolutionary Developmental) systems, genotypes are developed and evolved towards a structural or computational goal utilizing some kind of computational architecture (i.e., structures made of connected elements that may compute). Exploiting a common genotype to develop and evolve different classes of computational architectures towards a common goal has previously been successfully implemented, through common developmental genomes. In this work, we focus at how common genomes exploit the underlying architectures during development and build structure (network morphology) in phenotypes for different problem instances and architecture sizes. Common developmental genomes showed an ability to exploit the size of the architecture by actively involving a larger number of nodes/cells while managed to maintain a small number of neutral and static parts in the evolved structures.

632
Style-based human motion segmentation
This paper presents a method for segmenting human motion based on a notion of quality and the movement of a user such that the exact segmentation is tailored for different subjects. The problem is solved via an inverse optimal control problem where the parameter of optimization is a time along the movement trajectory that splits the longer trajectory into distinct “moves.” First, trajectories are generated using a “forward” optimal control problem; then, the match of these generated trajectories is optimized via a second, “inverse” optimization, which determines the appropriate point of segmentation. An analytical solution to this set up, its numerical implementation, and an application to real data are presented. A key novel contribution of this paper is the analytical derivation of first order necessary conditions for optimality. The segmented movements may populate a library of movement primitives in order for robots and automated systems to perform and interpret novel tasks.

633
Subliminal optimal longitudinal vehicle control for energy efficient driving
In this paper an Advanced Driver Assistance System (ADAS) supporting the driver to achieve an energy efficient driving strategy is proposed. State of the art driver assistance systems for this purpose either take over full control of the vehicle longitudinal dynamics or only provide information to the driver and do not directly influence the vehicle dynamics. We propose an assistance system which performs the control task in parallel with the driver. The system adapts the driver inputs in an energy optimal manner under the constraint the influence is not perceptible for the driver. A control framework is proposed which allows a real-time capable implementation of the ADAS. The concept is validated in a small experiment on a driving simulator based on a test scenario consisting of a 2.5 km straight road with varying speed limits. The results show the real-time capability of the control framework and indicate a significant reduction of the fuel consumption.

634
Supervisory control for cost-effective redistribution of robotic swarms
Dynamic assignment and re-assignment of large number of simple and cheap robots across multiple sites is relevant to applications like autonomous survey, environmental monitoring and reconnaissance. In this paper, we present supervisory control laws for cost-effective (re)-distribution of a robotic swarm among multiple sites. We consider a robotic swarm consisting of tens to hundreds of simple robots with limited battery life and limited computation and communication capabilities. The robots have the capability to recognize the site that they are in and receive messages from a central supervisory controller, but they cannot communicate with other robots. There is a cost (e.g., energy, time) for the robots to move from one site to another. These limitations make the swarm hard to control to achieve the desired configurations. Our goal is to design control laws to move the robots from one site to another such that the overall cost of redistribution is minimized. This problem can be posed as an optimal control problem (which is hard to solve optimally), and has been studied to a limited extent in the literature when the cost objective is time. We consider the total energy consumed as the cost objective and present a linear programming based heuristic for computing a stochastic transition law for the robots to move between sites. We evaluate our method for different objectives and show through Monte Carlo simulations that our method outperforms other proposed methods in the literature for the objective of time as well as more general objectives (like total energy consumed).

635
Support for ICU resilience using Cognitive Systems Engineering to build adaptive capacity
Sensitivity to patient needs makes clinicians the primary source of adaptive capacity, or resilience, in the intensive care unit (ICU). Work setting complexities and contingencies make cognitive work in this setting particularly challenging. A IT-based system to support individual and team decisions and communication would increase clinicians' capacity to adapt. We report on a 3-year project now underway to develop such a system. During the first year, our research team used Cognitive Systems Engineering (CSE) methods to reveal characteristics of the work setting, goals, barriers, and individual and team initiatives to overcome barriers. Our data analyses identified requirements for the IT system that were embodied in use cases, as well as in first draft prototypes of the system architecture and user interface. Our team is currently evaluating the interface prototype for face validity and refining details prior to starting programming. Interactive prototypes will be evaluated against criteria identified in field research to ensure validity. The resulting system is expected to improve staff decision making ability and communications with an expected improvement in unit adaptability. Shared decisions based on better information about procedures and resources are expected to improve staff efficiency and decrease missteps, lapses, delays in care, and the occurrence of morbidities including wrong medication/dose, infections, and unanticipated emergencies such as cardiac arrest.

636
Supporting runway planning by visualizing capacity balances of arriving aircraft streams
Air traffic control uses arrival managers (AMANs) to schedule an inbound stream of aircraft. Most state-of-the-art AMANs require the operator to analyse and integrate the schedule data to optimize the use of runways. None of the currently operational systems explicitly visualize inefficient use of runway capacity or the imbalance between available capacity and demand. Rather, these decisions are based on predicted arrival times and require an initial planning to determine potential delay in the active runway configuration. The research presented in this paper focuses on supporting the runway planning decision-making process using an experimental ecological AMAN by visualizing imbalances between capacity and demand. An indepth analysis of the arrival management process has been conducted and a concept interface is proposed. A human-in-the-loop experiment was conducted to investigate the effect of visualizing performance deviation information on the quality of runway planning. No significant differences in planning performance have been found between these two conditions, most likely due to the nature of the various traffic scenarios and the high overall workload during the experiment. However, more consistent performance has been observed when the performance deviation information was available to the participants and more improvements of the runway planning closer to landing were visible. Both trends are desired effects of visualizing performance deviation and warrant further research.

637
Supporting the eye tracking analysis of multiple moving targets: Design concept and algorithm
Mapping eye tracking data for moving targets on computer displays is a difficult task due to the characteristics of the moving targets and the limited capabilities of the eye tracking systems. We introduce 1) a design concept to map eye fixations to moving targets, and 2) an algorithm that generates “target-based” eye tracking data that determines eye fixation order and duration specific to the moving targets. The mapping reduces the number of areas of interest (AOIs) required for the analysis by trading off AOI size and accuracy in correspondence with the targets of interest. Our resulting methodology was applied to a case study with an air traffic controller conducting a conflict detection task with multiple moving aircraft on a simulated radar screen. Benchmarking results show that a limited reduction in accuracy when considering the larger AOIs and the number of fixations on the targets. The methodology shows promise for supporting the analysis of eye tracking data for tracking multiple moving targets.

638
Surface Detection in 3D images using Cellular Logic Array Processing
This paper proposes Cellular Logic Array Processing (CLAP) based 3-D surface detection algorithm. The performance of CLAP based surface detection algorithm (CLAPBSD) is compared with four other algorithms: (i) Boykov and Kolmogorov Based Surface Detection (BKBSD) algorithm, (ii) Push- Relabel (PR) Based Surface Detection (PRBSD) algorithm and (iii) Cheng Wang Ma (CWM) algorithm (iv) Mathematical Morphology Based Surface Detection (MMBSD) in terms of time complexity.

639
Suspension energy regeneration for random excitations and self-powered actuation
This paper concerns energy harvesting from vehicle suspension systems. Theoretical and experimental presentation of energy harvesting from suspension is explored. The generated power associated with random excitation inputs to vehicle is determined. The potential values of power generation from various road conditions are calculated. The effect of suspension energy regeneration on the ride comfort and road handling is presented. This includes study of tire deflection, damping, and spring stiffness for a regenerative suspension. The concept of self-powered actuation using the harvested energy from suspension is discussed with regards to applications of self-powered vibration control.

640
Swallow-monitoring system with acoustic analysis for dysphagia
Dysphagia is a medical term for difficulty of swallowing. For these patients, silent aspiration or aspiration without coughing lead to aspiration pneumonia. Generally, Video Fluoroscopic (VF) swallow-testing is performed to evaluate swallowing movement. The purpose of VF is the detailed evaluation and diagnosis of dysphagia. Based on them, the examiner estimates how to approach for dysphagia, and provides appropriately adjusted food consistency. However, this testing has some serious problems that include X-ray exposure and lack of mobility, and so on. Therefore, this study proposes a nonrestrictive and noninvasive swallow-monitoring system using acoustic analysis. This system works on observation of swallowing and breathing, and detects swallowing based on acoustic frequency factors and respiratory flow. As a result, this study developed an algorism for swallowing detection with high specificity. Moreover, it is discussed and concluded on the findings associated with the frequency properties of swallowing and non-swallowing behaviors.

641
Swarm intelligence algorithm for optimality discovery in distributed constraint optimization
The distributed constraint optimization problem (DCOP) is known as a basic problem of multiagent systems. This problem seeks optimal solutions using cooperative behavior between agents. However, because DCOP is NP-hard, the computational load becomes massive as the number of agents increase. What are needed are high-speed algorithms that can solve problems without increasing the computational load. In recent years, methods that intentionally limit the number of cooperative agents, such as k-optimality and p-optimality, have been proposed as approximate algorithms. They are drawing attention as new approximate algorithms because they can obtain deviations from the optimal solutions. The value of optimality is an artificially established partition of state space, and there is a need to change the value for different network topologies. In this paper, we propose a method that uses swarm intelligence as a new DCOP algorithm. Each agent evaluates the state space using swarm intelligence. The available state is determined not based on values decided by each agent. Instead, a cooperative space is produced based on heuristic values to determine the optimal solutions. We also show that a new criteria of optimality can be obtained using swarm intelligence.

642
Switched message estimation for time-varied data dropout in networked control systems
As messages and nodes over a network increase, delay time in a networked control system (NCS) increases and results in frequent dropout, thereby seriously degrading the performance and stability of NCS. Therefore, effective methods are urgently needed to handle the time delay and dropout effects of NCS. In this paper, a real-time transition probability estimator for the two-state Markov chain model is proposed for online monitoring of the dropout condition by using a short-window technique. Furthermore, under time-varied dropout conditions, the most suitable least-square estimator can be determined in real time by applying intelligent message estimator (IME), and missing data from NCS can be efficiently estimated and restored.

643
Synchronization of robotic manipulators with kinematic and dynamic uncertainties over delayed communication network
This paper addresses the control problem for networked robotic manipulators to achieve task-space synchronization with uncertainties in kinematic and dynamic models. Since most of the previous results focused on such systems over an undirected topology without considering communication delays, in this paper we develop controller for networked robots to achieve synchronization in the presence of time delays. If robots exchange their output signals over a strongly connected topology, then the proposed control system is proven to be stable with guaranteed position and velocity synchronization in task space. Additionally, the synchronization problem is also studied in this paper when the interconnection topology is time-varying with constant delays. Simulation results are presented to demonstrate the performance of the proposed control system.

644
Systems-driven engineering of complex systems: Behavioral RFAD modeling
In this paper, we introduce a novel, formal model basis for guiding the engineering of complex systems, especially in early architecture and concept design phases. This model basis is a formal extension of an existing multi-view modeling framework for artifact representation. The existing modeling framework is called RFAD after its four central views: requirements (R), functional intent (F), abstract component structure (A), and discipline-specific components (D). We equip each view with formal behavioral models for enabling advanced use cases having the potential of tangibly speeding up the design cycle. These use cases are 1) requirement consistency checking, 2) design space exploration, 3) design verification by means of simulations, 4) formal design verification, and 5) synthesis of control algorithms. We believe that these use cases have significant potential for improving the adequacy of design decisions made in early phases. Today, simulation models are typically created only after considerable design refinement. Due to space limitations, we limit ourselves to a use case example in design space exploration.

645
Tags and their reputation in demographic Donor-Recipient game
We consider the effect of tags and their reputation on the emergence of cooperation in demographic Donor-Recipient game. Players are initially randomly distributed in square lattice of cells. In each period, players move locally to random cell in neighbors or globally to random unoccupied cell in the whole lattice, and play multiple games against local neighbors or against randomly selected global players. If his wealth (accumulated payoff) becomes greater than some amount and there is unoccupied cell in neighbors, he has an offspring. In Donor-Recipient game, one player is selected as Donor and the other as Recipient randomly. Donor has two moves Cooperate or Defect; Cooperate means Donor pays cost for Recipient to receive benefit. Defect means Donor does nothing. In this paper, we introduce tags and communication about tags. A player can be distinguished by his inheriting tag. Donor decides his move depending on Recipient's tag. Before a Donor's move a Recipient can communicate his experienced objective information to the Donor. This information indicates which tags are cooperative. Donor holds this information from Recipients as hearsay reputation about tags and uses the reputation to adjust his strategy. We show, by Agent-Based Simulation, that introducing tags promotes the emergence of cooperation. Tags' reputation promotes the emergence of cooperation as well, if the number of different tags is small.

646
Task delegation in an agent supervisory control relationship capability awareness in a cognitive agent
An artificial cognitive agent, guiding a UAV based on operator-given tasks, is introduced onboard a conventionally automated aircraft in order to support the human operator. The agent acts in two roles - as subordinate to the human and at the same time as supervisor to the conventional onboard automation. The hierarchical relationship is described by the term Agent Supervisory Control. The ACU performs Supervisory Functions, with which the tasks of the operator are aggregated into single actions. The agent considers automation functions of the UAV as capabilities that are managed and incorporated into its planning and execution process in accordance to their availability and requirements. Task delegation is highly adaptable and aims at situation adequate supervision for the operator. The agent uses its capability awareness in its subordinate role to correct possible mismatches in the mental model of the human.

647
Team of Bayesian optimization algorithms to solve task assignment problems in heterogeneous computing systems
A Bayesian optimization algorithm (BOA) belongs to estimation of distribution algorithms (EDAs). It is characterized by combining a Bayesian network and evolutionary algorithms to solve nearly decomposable optimization problems. BOA is less popularly applied to solve high dimensionality complex optimization problems. A key reason is that the cost of training all dimensions by BOA becomes expensive with the increase of problem dimensionality. Since data are relatively sparse in a high dimensional space, even though BOA can train all dimensions simultaneously, the interdependent relations between different dimensions are difficult to learn. Its search ability is thus significantly reduced. In this paper, we propose a team of Bayesian optimization algorithms (TBOA) to search and learn dimensionality. TBOA consists of multiple BOAs, in which each BOA corresponds to a dimension of the solution domain and it is responsible for the search of this dimension's value region. The proposed TBOA is used to solve the real problem of task assignment in heterogeneous computing systems. Extensive experiments demonstrate that the computational cost of the overall training in TBOA is decreased very significantly while keeping high solution accuracy.

648
Text segmentation in vintage floor plans and maps using visual perception
Floor plans and maps are types of graphical documents which have similar features as both of them have their information described through text and drawings for example. This paper presents a new algorithm for text segmentation in images of vintage floor plans and topographic maps. The algorithm is divided into: background removal, thresholding, histogram equalization, connected component analysis, lines removal, noise removal, and restoration. The experiments were conducted in a dataset of real old floor plans and maps from different ages and the results are faster and better than other algorithms.

649
The challenges of measuring transfer of stall recovery training
Airline pilots will soon be required to perform full stall recovery training in simulators. However, flight simulators currently used for pilot training do not represent aircraft behavior in upset situations that take the aircraft out of its normal flight envelope. Post-stall aircraft models need to be implemented to correctly simulate the aircraft response after the stall point. In addition, motion cues need to adequately represent this response to ensure the skills learned in simulator training are directly usable in real flight. This paper will discuss stall recognition and recovery training and why motion is important. Next, we discuss why subjective and traditional outcome-based measures are less effective to measure transfer of stall recovery training and propose to use a measure based on a cybernetic approach that captures how pilots' use of visual and motion cues develops during training.

650
The effect of musical experience on rhythm perception for hearing-impaired undergraduates
This paper describes an experiment on the rhythm perception by hearing-impaired people using three musical contents: vocal-based songs, vocal-only songs, and instrumental music. The real world consists of many kinds of sounds, not only human speech but also music, songs, and environmental noises. Although typical listening ability exercises these days are primarily optimized for perception of speech rather than other sounds, we assume that musical features can help hearing-impaired people to segregate information sounds and the other sounds. Our project is intended to create a musical training that enhances hearing-impaired people's listening ability. In this study, to begin the project, we investigated how the hearing-impaired people recognize the rhythmical features in listening to the songs. Nine hearing-impaired undergraduates participated in the tapping experiment. Experimental results showed that musical experience significantly improved their rhythm perception.

651
The first step toward reconstructing visual perception and cognition in Autism
Currently in the United States, the most commonly diagnosed developmental disorder in young children is Autism Spectrum Disorder (ASD). ASD is a neurodevelopmental syndrome marked by qualitative impairments of social communication skills and restricted, repetitive patterns of behavior. However, due to the heterogeneous nature of the disorder, to date existing therapies/interventions for children with ASD have failed to identify why some subjects with ASD experience more positive response to therapies than others. Additionally, there is the lack of consensus on how to identify and evaluate scientifically valid and effective interventions. The contribution of this work is to investigate a computational model driven intervention technology to ease subjects' anxiety when facing a new situation, e.g., dental visit. Via this computational model, we can explain why subjects with ASD do not positively respond to the intervention. Our experimental results show our proposed approach can shed the light on the development of mathematical modeling for visual perception and cognition in individuals with ASD.

652
The flexible phase entropy and its rise from the universal cybernetics duality
In this paper the entropy of a flexible phase (FP) medium (referred as FP entropy) emerges from a novel linger thermo theory (LTT) and then used in a biological lifespan study. LTT is the `dynamic metrics' dual of the `stationary metrics' latency information theory (LIT). These two nascent theories are synergistic time/space designs of the universal cybernetics duality (UC duality), first identified in linear quadratic Gaussian (LQG) control in 1978. While LIT has already yielded outstanding solutions for high-performance radar, LTT has done the same for biological lifespan, with both holding US patents. The FP entropy equation is found here subject to a constant internal mass-energy constraint of LTT that reflects actual gravitational/non-gravitational interactions of atoms or molecules. Moreover, this approach is revealed to contain a degrees of freedom (DoF) coupling constant that when multiplied by the heat capacity of liquid water at 310 K in thermal equilibrium accurately models the heat capacity of the human medium in its non-equilibrium thermal state. The use of the DoF coupling constant mechanism has been found to result in outstanding theoretical adult lifespan predictions that are directly linked to an individual's heat capacity. These sensible results compel the view that the FP entropy approach will find broad use in future biophysical chemistry of lifespan studies.

653
The interaction between the innovation and the output of China'S High-tech industries based on grey relational analysis
Innovation and industrial outputs of China's High-tech industries are interacted, and a loop model is used to describe this relation. Based on this, grey relational analysis is applied to measure this relation. And the results show the bidirectional positive relationship.

654
The significance of game structure evolution for deriving game-theoretic policy insights
Game theory can provide valuable insights into management of multi-player systems. Players (agents), who seek maximizing their utilities, change their preferences and strategies in response to the social, political, economic and environmental changes over time. Overlooking the dynamic structure of the games can result in misleading policy insights and development of highly undesirable outcomes. Using a simple natural resource sharing game, this paper shows how rational players might change their behavior in response to the changing conditions of the game. It is argued that recognition of the possible evolution path of the games can help justify certain decisions by the players in various stages of the game and develop timely measures to prevent undesirable loss-loss situations.

655
The study on affective service design focused on Kansei values
While mass marketing arguably has been successful in the past, it is now a less viable strategy to satisfy consumers by a single offer. Individuals' complex and multi-faceted desire requires more practical and potent design strategies. This paper (1) outlines different understandings of human-centered objects among affective engineering, service design, and Kansei studies; (2) defines valid evaluation factor, i.e., preference, through practical researches. The research results show its validity to verifying individuals' satisfaction. In the further studies, the authors will evolve design evaluation methodologies based on the results; and propose a practical design strategy sustaining consumers' satisfaction.

656
The use of Viable System Model to develop guidelines for generating Enterprise Architecture Principles
Enterprise Architecture Principles (EAPs) are regarded as a pivotal element in the definition of Enterprise Architecture (EA). However, the EA discipline still suffers from some fundamental limitations, such as the lack of guidelines for developing a generic set of principles and a theoretical basis for developing them. Assuming enterprises as viable systems, this paper suggests a set of design principles based on the concepts of cybernetics, especially those embedded in the Viable System Model (VSM). These principles are fundamental requirements for any viable systems, and therefore, must be complied with by the organization in order to remain viable. The suggested design principles can be used as guidelines in proposing, developing, and evaluating a set of comprehensive EAPs. As a practical example, this set of generic principles is customized for an Australian government department based on their priorities specifically to cover their architectural needs in adopting new technologies.

657
The value of cooperation in coastal aquifer management: Lessons for Oman
Groundwater over-abstraction and the resulting decline in groundwater level and quality have limited agricultural activities in many parts of the world. The desire for maximizing the short-term benefits and the fear of free riding by other uses discourage farmers from reducing the current water levels. This results in a classis tragedy of the commons in which groundwater beneficiaries will experience long-term profit losses due to their unsustainable use of groundwater. This paper develops a mathematical modeling framework for understanding the long-term value of cooperation in groundwater use. A numerical example is developed based on the current status of groundwater in a coastal region of Oman, where groundwater over-abstraction has resulted in increases salinity due to seawater intrusion. Using an agent-based model, the long-term changes in groundwater level and salinity as well the long-term benefits of the farmers are first examined. Next, the optimal cropping and groundwater withdrawal strategies are found for a cooperative mechanism based on which parties try to maximize their long-term benefits through coordination. Value of coordination is then calculated by comparison of the total obtainable profit under the non-cooperative and cooperative cases. Knowledge of this value would be necessary to promote policy reforms that enforce immediate reduction of groundwater withdrawals would for increasing the long-term benefits through sustainable use of the system.

658
The value of haptic feedback in lane keeping
We predominantly rely on our (intermittent) visual perception of the environment to perform a driving task safely, robustly, and with sufficient experience seemingly effortless and comfortably. Research has shown that haptic shared control can improve car-following performance, curve negotiation, evasive manoeuvring, eco-driving and even adhering to speed limits, while reducing driver effort to do so. While these results show the versatility of the application of haptic guidance the improvements in performance were usually significant but relatively small compared to the visual only conditions. The goal of the research presented in this article was to gather empirical data to determine the information content contained in haptic feedback to present essential steering control information to drivers during curve negotiation. We hypothesized that the absence of essential visual information from the environment critical to lateral control of the vehicle - either near or far visual information - could adequately be compensated for by haptic guidance on the steering wheel. The results of our fixed-base driving simulator experiment show that our haptic guidance system is most effective in compensating for loss of near visual information, which guides the compensatory control process.

659
The visibility measurement using high-pass filters in the simulated environment
Due to advancement of technology and application of information technology, now we are able to measure visibility using a digital image processing method. The previous related technologies are mainly based on high-frequency information. For example, high-pass filters are used to measure meteorological visibility. This study used a simulated city landscape similar to an actual one, trying to explore the influences of different parameters of a high-pass filter on the measurement of the visibility index values. The results of the experiments showed that the simulated environment we used was effective. In the future, we will conduct more experiments to test more simulated environments and visibility measurement methods.

660
The wireless holter ECG system based on Zigbee
The goal of this research is to develop a Holter ECG system based on Zigbee technique which has a Holter measuring apparatus and a recording apparatus. The Holter measuring apparatus can measure one lead ECG and physical activity status. In order to let patients feeling comfortable, we designed a small size, light weight, and low power apparatuses. The data was storage in the SD card. Moreover, we also proposed a novel method to detect the heart beats in real time. This algorithm can be embedded in a single chip microcontroller. We used the ECG simulator to evaluate the performance of our designed system. In the practical experiment, one person wore this Holter ECG apparatus. The results show our designed Holter ECG system can record the ECG signal and detect the heart beats in real time.

661
Thermal conditions of breast cancer progress-treatment
Thermography is an imaging technique which is based on the idea that the temperature rises in regions with increased blood flow and metabolism, which could be a sign of a tumor. Recently, it has found promising applications in cancer diagnosis, particularly, in breast cancer exposure. Even though many thermo-medical applications need a good image assessment tool, there were no reports in literature on using a thermal image as a thermal conditioning of breast cancer progress/treatment. In this paper, a novel thermal images assessment tool for detecting the conditions of breast cancer exposure based on thermography is proposed. The presented innovative measure is based on integration of human visual system, intensity and density attributes of observed images. The proposed scheme as thermal conditions of breast cancer has the advantages of: (i) determining cancer risks for prevention by introducing a measuring system for estrogen imbalance, (ii) detecting the progress and treatment by monitoring the conditions as a new measurements and (iii) breast skin temperature measurement. The experiments show the effectiveness of the proposed measuring system on thermal conditions of breast cancer.

662
Topic hierarchy in social networks
The increasing usage of on-line social networks has open new research areas such social network analysis. In this survey we review the literature and concepts around this topics with a special emphasis on the hierarchical representation of the graph structure of the social networks. There have been concepts and techniques, of data mining, social networks, and graphs, adapted to this context, taking into consideration that the community structure of a network can be defined as a dendrogram that shows how a network is organized from smaller communities at lower levels to larger ones at higher levels.

663
Toward Haptic Perception of Objects in a Visual and Depth Guided Navigation
This paper investigates the limits of vibrato tactile haptic feedback when interacting with 3D virtual scenes. In this study, the spatial locations of the objects are mapped to the work-volume of the user using a Kinect sensor. In addition, the location of the hand of the user is determined using marker-based visual processing. The depth information is used to build a vibrotactile map on a finger of a haptic glove enhanced with vibrating actuators. The users can perceive the locations and dimensions of remote objects by moving their hand inside a scanning region. A marker detection imaging can provide the location and orientation of the user hand (glove). In order to map the corresponding tactile message. A user study was conducted to explore how different users can perceive such haptic experience. Factors like total number of detected objects, object separation spatial resolution, dimension-based and shape-based discrimination were evaluated. The preliminary results in a group of untrained users of different ages and backgrounds showed that the localization and counting of objects can be attained with a high degree of success. All users were able to classify groups of objects based on different dimensions (height, width, deep) and the perception of total volume. However, shape recognition proved to be a challenge for the majority of the users using the current configuration of the haptic glove.

664
Towards a conceptual model for Software-intensive System-of-Systems
Software systems have become increasingly large and complex, often resulting from the integration of several operationally independent systems, thus leading to a new class of systems called Systems-of-Systems (SoS). Moreover, SoS have currently become essentially software-dependent systems, thus arising the Software-intensive Systems-of-Systems (SiSoS). However, in spite of their relevance, there is a lack of a common understanding of what exactly SiSoS are, their characteristics and types, as well as other elements that surround them. In this context, the main contribution of this work is to provide a conceptual model that provides a comprehensive understanding about them. For this purpose, we have extended the ISO/IEC/IEEE 42010 International Standard by considering related studies and previous taxonomies about SoS. In order to illustrate the use of our model, two software-intensive systems were analyzed and discussed. By establishing a common understanding about SiSoS, results achieved until now have showed us that this model can provide an important support to the research on SiSoS and, as a consequence, it can contribute to the development of these systems.

665
Towards a driver supervision and assistance system: intention detecting and option providing
With the increasing of automotive technology, the focus of vehicle developing has been changed from former basic needs of transportation to the additionally and enhanced requirements regarding to safety and efficiency. The cause of accidents is manifold. The inappropriate driving is one of the reasons. Additional effort understanding the driver's intention in combination with extended sensor information allowing to match driver's intention and real available options will be useful with respect to warning and intervention. Based on the Situation-Operator-Modeling (SOM), the intention of the driver can be detected. Once the intended action includes dangerous element, a warning will be provided to avoid the action really to be carried out. The other reason of accident is incomplete understanding about the available choices. Stimulated by daily life, the options can also be provided to the human driver during driving. Comparing the available choices and corresponding consequences, the suitable and efficient decision can be made. This contribution introduces a novel concept about providing warnings related to danger or wrong decision based on the calculation of intended actions and options to the driver to realize a novel online driver supervision system.

666
Towards a more holistic view on user state assessment in adaptive human-computer interaction
User state assessment in adaptive human-computer-interaction has often been equaled to the assessment of workload. More recently, approaches have surfaced that also focus on other state dimensions such as fatigue, situation awareness, and the emotional state. However, interrelations and dependencies between these state dimensions are not considered if each is assessed in isolation. Furthermore, it is often neglected that individual factors, factors of the work environment, and self-regulation-strategies of the operator strongly influence these state dimensions. We suppose that adaptation based on user state assessment is more successful if this set of interactions is integrated into a more holistic assessment approach. We therefore propose a model that aims to provide a more holistic view on user state assessment. The model also aims to be generic in the sense that it can be applied to diverse operational conditions. Application is illustrated by a recent aviation incident.

667
Towards a system for visualizing Alberta's cemeteries
As archaeologists, historians, and other researchers interpret spatial patterns within and between cemetery sites, they can benefit from access to both relevant data and tools to visualize those data. Unfortunately, the current (and not uncommon) situation within Alberta (Canada) has disconnected data sets located throughout the province, which makes it impossible to produce many potentially insightful visualizations. In this paper, we describe the current state of a collaborative project between academics, government, and several community organizations as we work to create a centralized system for aggregating and visualizing these cemetery data. We present an overview of the architecture, prototypes of the visualization, and our vision for the complete system.

668
Towards a typology of social news apps from a Crowd Computing perspective
The Web is now both an information repository and a cyberspace supported by a participatory culture. In the domain of news and journalism, the Social Web has witnessed the emergence of Social News Websites (SNW), where users contribute for various reasons. Sites like Digg, Reddit and Storify, just to name a few, allow their users to discuss, comment, share, recirculate, tag and rate news from various sources. However, the social computing literature has described these sites so far through narrow definitions, e.g., as a synonym for social news aggregators, as specializations of social media or even as specialized forms of online social networks. In this research, we identify a broader landscape of social applications exploring citizen participation in the news value chain, and propose a broader definition and a typology for social news applications from the perspective of Crowd Computing.

669
Towards achieving long-lifespan and self-sustained monitoring of coastal environments
Coastal regions are vital to human beings. However, the marine habitats distributed along the 159,000km U.S. shoreline are subject to increasing stressors from both landside and seaward directions. To better understand these problems, new techniques and methods are needed to build large-scale, long-term, high-resolution, and self-sustained in-situ 3-D coastal monitoring systems. This paper discusses three key techniques: integrated microsensors for low-power and high-resolution monitoring of water quality parameters, biomass-based underwater energy harvesting for self-sustained sensor operation, and power management schemes between renewable energy sources and sensor devices. The synergism of these techniques is able to transform the way in which we observe and understand the sustainability vulnerable coastal environments and the fragile ecosystems they host.

670
Towards cyber-physical approach for prototyping indoor lighting automation systems
During daily operations of a building, a significant amount of energy is spent on indoor illumination. The choice of different lighting sources and control strategies can notably affect the energy consumption. To achieve the most economical lighting design, a number of factors from both physical and cyber perspectives must be considered. More importantly, these factors must be taken into account during early design phrases of building architecture and automation systems. This paper proposes an infrastructure towards the cyber-physical approach for prototyping indoor illumination. In particular, the distributed lighting automation system is modeled using the IEC 61499 standard. The lighting energy performance of a building is evaluated according to the EN 15193 standard. By integrating the evaluation methodology of energy efficiency in the development of lighting automation systems, adequate indications regarding the correlation between physical and cyber designs can be revealed. The proposed design approach has been demonstrated on a case study house, where impacts of different lighting control strategies on the house's energy efficiency can be quantitatively compared.

671
Towards modelling affect and emotions in autonomous agents with recurrent fuzzy systems
In this paper, we present a computational model of the elicitation and the dynamics of affective states in autonomous agents based on fuzzy methodology. Fuzzy logic has been used in computational modelling of affect for 15 years, but has not yet been employed to bridge the particular benefits of fuzzy modelling with dynamical systems approaches to understanding emotions. The information-processing architecture scheme we propose for the calculations which are involved in affective processes can be instantiated in a distributed fashion. This enables `programming' of the agent's affective interpretation of its relationship with its environment with respect to different objects and their behavior towards the agent, as well as its own internal motivational states. In our simulations, we emphasize dynamic properties of affective processes and behaviors resulting therefrom. In addition, we sketch theoretical ideas of internal effects of different affective states that we are currently implementing.

672
Trademark retrieval based on phonetic similarity
Trademarks are visual symbols with high reputational value, which requires protection. This paper proposes an algorithm to retrieve phonetically similar trademarks that can be used as a means for supporting trademark examination during the registration process. The algorithm employs a phonology based string similarity algorithm together with a typography mapping and token rearrangement to compute a phonetic similarity between trademarks. The trademark phonetic similarity score is then computed from the employed phonetic similarity algorithm. The proposed algorithm advances the state-of-the-art in trademark retrieval by providing a mechanism to compare trademarks with special characters or symbols phonetically. The proposed algorithm is tested on 1,400 trademarks obtained from real court cases between 1999 and 2012. The proposed algorithm improves the R-precision score by 14% and 17% compared with two state-of-the-art methods.

673
Traffic Light Detection Based on Multi-feature Segmentation and Online Selecting Scheme
This paper is concerned with vision-based traffic light detection by using multi-feature to segment one single image and an online selecting scheme. First, we propose a new simple method called edged-color image to segment candidate traffic light back board regions from even complex background, which is a way to enhance edge information in a color image substantially. Second, an online selecting scheme is used to calculate whether two or more candidate regions can be combined together. Those with faulty score closer to zero will be regarded as a traffic light. In addition, arrow light will be recognized from the traffic light. Applying the method above can mostly solve the problems as different light intensity, complex background, vehicle tail light, etc.

674
Training with haptic shared control to learn a slow dynamic system
During operation of slow dynamic systems such as heavy machinery, users must account for inherent lag in the system dynamics, often via the less intuitive rate control mode. The slow response of these systems requires predictive control based on an understanding of the input-output relationship of system dynamics. In practical applications, such as learning to control an excavator, training can be a long and therefore costly process. This paper investigates the use of haptic shared control (HSC) to support learning of a system with slow dynamics. Previous work has failed to reach a consensus on the effectiveness of training with HSC, although a few recent studies have demonstrated improvements in tasks with time-critical components. Here, subjects learned to perform a pursuit task while controlling a linear system with slow dynamics using a 1-DOF haptic manipulator, either with or without HSC during training. To prevent reliance on the guidance forces, HSC was only present on intermittent trials and decreased in strength over time. Both groups quickly learned the task and showed similar performance after training, regardless of whether or not they trained with HSC.

675
Transfer learning and active transfer learning for reducing calibration data in single-trial classification of visually-evoked potentials
Single-trial Event-Related Potential (ERP) classification is a key requirement for several types of Brain-Computer Interaction (BCI) technologies. However, strong individual differences make it challenging to develop a generic single-trial ERP classifier that performs well for all subjects. Usually some subject-specific training samples need to be collected in an initial calibration session to customize the classifier. However, if implemented into an actual BCI system, then this calibration process would decrease the utility of the system, potentially decreasing its usability. In this paper we propose a Transfer Learning approach for reducing the amount of subject-specific data in online single-trial ERP classifier calibration, and an Active Transfer Learning approach for offline calibration. By applying these approaches to data from a Visually-Evoked Potential EEG experiment, we demonstrate that they improve the classification performance, given the same number of labeled subject-specific training samples. In other words, these approaches can also attain a desired level of classification accuracy with less labeling effort when compared to a randomly selected training set.

676
Transfer learning based on the observation probability of each attribute
Machine learning is the basis of important advances in artificial intelligence. Unlike the general methods of machine learning, which use the same tasks for training and testing, the method of transfer learning uses different tasks to learn a new task. Among the various transfer learning algorithms in the literature, we focus on the attribute-based transfer learning. This algorithm realizes transfer learning by introducing attributes and transferring the results of training to another task with the common attributes. However, the existing method does not consider the frequency in which each attribute appears in feature vectors (called the observation probability). In this paper, we present a generative model with the observation probability. By the experiments, we show that the proposed method has achieved a higher accuracy rate than the existing method. Moreover, we see that it makes possible the incremental learning that was impossible in the existing method.

677
Translation non-negative matrix factorization with fast optimization
Non-negative matrix factorization (NMF) reconstructs the original samples in a lower dimensional space and has been widely used in pattern recognition and data mining because it usually yields sparse representation. Since NMF leads to unsatisfactory reconstruction for the datasets that contain translations of large magnitude, it is required to develop translation NMF (TNMF) to first remove the translation and then conduct a decomposition. However, existing multiplicative update rule based algorithm for TNMF is not efficient enough. In this paper, we reformulate TNMF and show that it can be efficiently solved by using the state-of-the-art solvers such as NeNMF. Experimental results on face image datasets confirm both efficiency and effectiveness of the reformulated TNMF.

678
Transport mode assessment for inbound logistics: A study based on coffee industry
Over the years, inbound logistics has been prominent to many industries, as globalization has forced companies to increase productivity while reducing costs. Transport modes considerably impact the costs, and a proper evaluation should consider performance, failures as well as sustainability issues. This paper presents an approach based on stochastic Petri nets (SPN) for assessing different transport modes in inbound logistics for coffee industry taking into account performability and sustainability.

679
Triggering changes in adaptive automation evaluation of task performance, priority and frequency
Adaptive automation has been proposed, where changes in automation are triggered based upon operator state to mitigate automation-induced problems such as complacency. This research sought to understand the effect of a weighted method, as compared to a method in which all tasks are weighed equally, when triggering changes in automation within a multitasking environment. The weighted method considered the priority and frequency of each task when computing a measure of operator performance on which to trigger changes in automation. Although overall system performance was not statistically different between the two trigger implementations, the participants with the priority based triggering scheme rated the level of automation change as more aligned with their performance and were less surprised by changes in automation level.

680
Two DOF temperature control using RBFNN for stretch PET blow molding machines
This paper presents a novel two degrees-of-freedom (DOF) digital controller using radial basis function neural network (RBFNN) for a stretch polyethylene-terephthalate (PET) blow molding machine, in order to achieve satisfactory temperature control of the PET bottle performs passing through both heating ovens. The proposed two-DOF controller is composed of a feedforward controller used to improve the transient performance and track quickly temperature setpoints, and an RBFNN self-tuning digital proportional-integral- derivative (PID) controller employed to eliminate remaining temperature errors and achieve disturbances rejection. Such a controller not only retains the practical expertise of the control practitioners working for PET blow molding machines, but also keeps automatic tuning ability of the PID controller parameters. Finally, the computer simulation and experimental result reveal disturbance rejection and good setpoint tracking performance of the proposed control method. The results clearly indicate effectiveness and merit of the proposed method.

681
Two dimensional thermal model based observer design for lithium ion batteries
The safety, life, and performance of lithium ion batteries are all related to its thermal performance. The battery thermal process is a typical distributed parameter system which is spatiotemporal distributed. The online estimation of temperature distribution in vehicle battery systems is not easy as only few surface temperatures can be measured for the distributed parameter process. In this paper, a state observer is designed for lithium ion battery thermal process described by two dimensional partial differential equations. Based on the physical model of battery thermal process, a reduced order operational model suitable for online application is first obtained through Karhunen-Loeve decomposition. An adaptive observer is then designed based on the reduced order model. The whole temperature filed can then be reconstructed with the designed observer and measured voltage, current, and few surface temperature dates. Numerical simulation demonstrates the effectiveness of the designed observer.

682
Two player EEG-based neurofeedback ball game for attention enhancement
Brain computer interface (BCI) based neurofeedback games have the potential to enhance the cognitive skills of healthy people as well as subjects with cognitive and memory impairment. Electroencephalogram (EEG) has been used as a common brain imaging modality as it is easy and cheap among all the other non-invasive techniques. This paper proposes an EEG driven gaming interface where the subject's attention (concentration) is used to control the game successfully. The proposed game scenario requires the player to push a ball from one end of game's graphical user interface to the other end using his attention level. Attention level of the player is quantified using the ratio of theta to beta band power in EEG signals. The experimental analysis shows that the proposed game is capable of enhancing player's attention skill as well as enhances the ability of the player to sustain attention for longer duration. This “ball game” can be effectively used in neurofeedback training for attention deficit children.

683
Two-dimensional performance evaluation model for SMEs based on dominance rough set theory
Potential development ability plays equally important role as status quo analysis for the evaluation of small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs). Based on the two dimension analysis including status quo and potential development ability analysis, a performance evaluation model is established and verified by a case study containing 171 small and medium enterprises' evaluation. Dominance rough set theory is incorporated into the performance evaluation model to provide the decision rules generation in linguistic format. In addition, the relationship between quality of rough set classification algorithm and the size of training samples is discussed.

684
Two-level decomposition algorithm for shift scheduling problems
We propose a new two-level decomposition algorithm for shift scheduling problems. The problem determines the assignment of duties and rest days to the set of staff members to minimize the given objective function. The constraint on the set of staff members are considered. The objective of this paper is to achieve the minimization of total costs with fairness of working conditions. The proposed method decomposes the original problem into the master and the subproblems. These subproblems are iteratively solved with embedding cuts into the master problem. Computational results show that the performance of the proposed method outperforms a general-purpose constraint logic programming solver.

685
Ultrasound speckle noise reduction via an adaptive edge-controlled variational method
Medical ultrasound images are one of the most important and widely used diagnostic tools thanks to its noninvasive nature, high efficacy, low cost and real time display. However, a common phenomenon in imaging systems is the superimposing of a granular structure on the image contaminated with multiplicative speckle noise that distort and hinder the analysis of the diagnosis. In this paper a novel variational method is proposed to reduce speckle in ultrasound images, in which the location of the noisy pixels with high level noise are detected by a function that controls the velocity of the smoothness and adjusts the fidelity along with the smoothness terms of the functional. Several experiments and comparisons made with other methods are provided to illustrate the efficiency of the proposed method.

686
Understanding and reducing conflicts between driver and haptic shared control
Haptic shared control systems aim to guide drivers during steering using guidance torques. Many such systems generate torques using a simplified and constant lane-keeping model based on a look-ahead controller, without accounting for individual differences. Literature on haptic steering support shows beneficial effects (reduced control activity and increased performance) under experimental conditions, but also report increased steering torques. In this study, we hypothesized that increased interacting torques are the results of small conflicts between human and a constant haptic support system and that these conflicts may be mitigated by adapting the parameters of the look-ahead controller to best match each individual driver, essentially providing individualized guidance torques. Results showed that this approach provides a better match in terms of desired steering wheel angles, however this did not lead to a relevant reduction in steering torques, as discrepancies in timing and lateral error continued to exist. Future adaptations to the haptic shared control algorithm should take more realistic driver control models into consideration.

687
Understanding confidence of positioning measurements in collaborative outdoor environments
This article presents a study on the nodes positioning confidence in mobile collaborative scenarios. The confidence of nodes positioning is an indicator that allows providing appropriate services and information to mobile users. In mobile ad-hoc networks, nodes with positioning capabilities could share their position with their neighbors in order to allow these latter to determine their own location collaboratively and increasing their positioning confidence. We study the fluctuation of this confidence in mobile scenarios populated by nodes with and without positioning capabilities. We analyze the effect of changing the maximum communication range of the nodes, the amount of nodes with positioning capabilities present in the environment. We also studied the impact that produces the degree of nodes mobility. The findings of this study are presented and discussed.

688
Understanding the motor dynamics of interpersonal interactions
Many of our everyday actions are performed in a social setting and are coordinated with the actions of other people. Research has found that stable and effective social motor coordination breaks down in pathologies such as autism and schizophrenia, is related to the psychological connectedness of individuals, and consequently, important for the development of naturally interacting artificial agents. We review research that investigates the self-organizing dynamics of goal-directed interpersonal actions and then discuss experiments that investigate the temporal and spatial patterns that dynamically emerge during structured interpersonal interactions. We first demonstrate how stable state oscillatory dynamics are established in a more stereotyped hand-clapping task. Then we show how a structured conversation task can be used to evaluate how whole body activity rhythms of speaker and listener are coordinated across multiple time scales. Our ultimate goal is to be able to mathematically model the dynamics of social motor coordination, specifically, how its stable states are activated, dissolved, transformed, and exchanged over time, in order to enhance our understanding of its role in social pathologies and in creating behaviorally flexible and mutually responsive artificial human-machine systems.

689
Underwater human-robot communication: A case study with human divers
Despite advances in underwater technology, human divers are still employed to carry out a wide variety of dangerous underwater tasks. To enable a diver to complete tasks safer and more efficiently, it is proposed that an Underwater Robotic Assistant (UWRA) could act as a robotic dive buddy. For example, the UWRA could ferry tools from the surface, carry scientific samples, and provide illumination in dark environments. However, one of the major hurdles to operating autonomous systems below the water's surface is that high-frequency radio signals are greatly attenuated by water. This severely limits the type of commands a diver can issue to the robot. Thus, one of the contributions of this paper is an analysis of the types of Underwater Human-Robot Communication (UHRC) that are possible between a diver and a UWRA. Following the analysis, we discuss implementation of a few of the proposed methods of UHRC where an underwater robot assists a diver during the installation of an underwater mechanical platform.

690
User modeling with limited data: Application to stakeholder-driven watershed design
We have developed a web-based, interactive, watershed planning system called WRESTORE (Watershed Restoration Using Spatio-Temporal Optimization of Resources) (http://wrestore.iupui.edu) that allows stake-holder communities to participate in a democratic, collaborative form of optimization process for designing best management practices (BMPs) on their landscape, while also optimizing based on subjective, qualitative landowners' criteria beyond the usual socio-economic, physical, and ecological criteria. This system utilizes multiple advanced computational approaches including the SWAT (Soil and Water Assessment Tool) hydrologic model for watershed simulations, interactive genetic algorithms and reinforcement-based machine learning algorithms for search and optimization, and deep learning artificial neural networks for user modeling, within an encompassing human-computer interaction framework. A substantial user study of the WRESTORE system was conducted recently involving multiple real stakeholders varying from consultants, government officials, watershed alliance members, etc., with the objective of gaining insight about WRESTORE'S usability and utility. In particular focus was the user modeling component that develops a computational model of a user's preferences and criteria, based on real-time user-provided ratings for a subset of possible designs (similar to the idea of user profiling commonly done for human-computer interaction systems). The user model constructed based on the real user's personalized feedbacks can then be used to influence the automated search and optimization for BMP alternatives in WRESTORE. In this paper, we describe the methods developed for user modeling for interactive optimization, and the experimental set-up as well as results with real user studies. These results clearly demonstrate that development of user models for such personalized, interactive optimization is both feasible and valuable for developing community-based computa- ional water sustainability solutions.

691
User-centered force signal processing for internet-based telemanipulation: An overview
In recent years, design and development of a practical force signal processing schemes which can be used for remote control of robotic devices over the Internet has gain a considerable attention. Traditionally, various local closed-loop control methodologies were proposed based on the two-port network architecture. Main concerns for this type of bi-lateral telemanipulation have been the stable tracking of the transmitted force and position signals. As such, assumptions have been made in regard to no loss of the transmitted information and existence of a fixed time delay between the master robot and the slave environment. However, connectivity through Internet introduces variable time delays with added lost of information. Not until recently, most of the proposed control methodologies have ignored taking advantage of the nature of the Internet protocols and its associated signal processing. For example, the limits of human tactile/force perception on distinguishing temporal changes in force signal can introduce a feasible and practical constraint which can be incorporated in the framework of single processing and in the data communication transport. This paper presents an overview of the literature on user-centered Internet-based tele-operation and proposes a force signal processing framework which can be utilized in such implementation.

692
Using BP nerual networks for the simulation of energy consumption
Energy efficiency and sustainable development have been the focus of the world's attention. In order to promote the execution of energy reduction, energy control systems, which could operate the electrical appliances, are under research at present. Before putting the energy control systems into real buildings, comfort assessment and energy consumption analysis need to be conducted but such operations require a large number of test cases to ensure the stability and effectiveness of the systems. Nevertheless, real data collection from each building is tedious and expensive; and manual test data generation may drop some important effective factors or relationships. Therefore, a tool of test data generation, which could generate large volumes of test data, is desperately needed. In this paper, we propose a neural network model to generate a large test data set for comfort assessment and energy consumption analysis. This approach is based on an existing set of real-world data, and generalizes it into a larger data set. Our analysis indicates that the proposed approach is reliable and effective.

693
Using Bayesian network for purchase behavior prediction from RFID data
This paper represents our recent studies about the prediction of purchase behavior and an advancement of in-store behavior with respect to RFID technology. In contrast to prior innovators in this research field, this paper has paid special attention to stay time spent on shopping in a target area rather than the whole supermarket, which can serve us to interpret the decision process of purchasing one product or a series of products in a much more intuitive and precise measurement. Also, we develop an integrated model to combine purchase behavior and in-store behavior. A probabilistic graphical model - bayesian network is employed to demonstrate a quantitative analysis process of purchase behavior decision over stay time. In order to distinguish purchase intention among different customers, an attitudinal factor - purchase background of customer is introduced in this paper to build bayesian network. As bayesian network can only deal with the discrete variables, a clustering algorithm is applied to discretize the continuous variables. In the experiments, the optimal cluster number of stay time and purchase background is examined for maximizing the performance evaluation with higher accuracy, and the results also show bayesian network has a better accuracy than other typical prediction models. Finally, we investigate the sensitivity and specificity of purchase behavior predicted by our proposal in adjustment of decision threshold, and use ROC (Receiver Operating Characteristic) curve to determine the optimal decision threshold which can maximize the classification accuracy of models.

694
Using distributed feature detection for an assistive work system
The real-time detection of context information in marker-less Augmented Reality (AR) scenarios with a large amount of key-point based descriptors still represents a scientific challenge. In this demo paper we present a mobile assistive work system that uses key-point based descriptors in marker-less AR to automatically detect the current working context of an employee and display the required information for the user. Our system is used in workshops for the maintenance of train vehicles. In this use case the mobile application has to detect a large amount of different tools and train components (i.e. objects). We use marker-less detection algorithms, which require the existence of referential images, whose amount grows linear to the number of objects that have to be detected. However, a large amount of referential images makes it impossible to execute the whole detection process on the mobile device. Therefore we implemented a distributed computation of the marker-less detection, which allows to find many different objects. In this paper we describe the components of the system, the image processing technologies used, and current limitations that we have identified.

695
Using evolutionary computation to shed light on the effect of scale and complexity on object-oriented software design
Early lifecycle software design is an intensely human activity in which design scale and complexity can place a high cognitive load on the software designer. Recently, the use of evolutionary search has been suggested to yield insights in the nature of software engineering problems generally, and so we have applied dynamic evolutionary computation using self-adaptive mutation to the object-oriented software design search space. Using three design problem instances of varying scale and complexity, initial investigations of the discrete search landscape reveal a redundancy in genotype-to-phenotype mapping enabling flexible and effective exploration. In further experiments, mutation probabilities and population diversity are observed to significantly increase in the face of increasing problem scale, but not for increasing complexity (in problems of the same scale). Based on these findings, we conclude that design problem scale rather than complexity has an effect on the software design process, emphasizing the role of decomposition as a design technique.

696
Using features from tumor subregions of breast DCE-MRI for estrogen receptor status prediction
In breast cancer, tumor heterogeneity is a reflection of differing tumor subtypes, which may display markedly different genotypes and clinical phenotypes. Although pathological and qualitative (based on contrast enhancement patterns) studies suggest the presence of clinical and molecular predictive tumor subregions, this has not been fully investigated. Our goal is to develop a novel algorithm to utilize the potential information available in different tumor subregions (periphery and core) by extracting textural kinetic features, for the purpose of estrogen receptor (ER) classification. We show that features from different tumor subregions, at appropriate scales and quantization levels, can be used to better classify ER subtypes than features averaged from the whole tumor. We analyzed representative two dimensional (2D) slices from twenty breast tumors with volumetric dynamic contrast enhanced magnetic resonance imaging (DCE-MRI) available by extracting multi-parametric textural kinetic features from the periphery, core and whole tumor. The utility of the features from different subregions are evaluated using six meta-classifiers (feature selector and classifier pairs), formed from two feature selectors and three classifiers. Classification accuracy approached 94%.

697
Using system dynamics approach to analyze the impact of carbon tax on photovoltaic systems installation and electricity costs
In promoting the renewable and sustainable energy installation, carbon taxation is one of the commonly applied policies in controlling the fossil fuel energy consumption and production, particularly in the type of fossil fueled energy. Carbon tax is levied based on the quantity of carbon dioxide generated during energy production and consumption. Therefore, how to decide a reasonable tax rate is a critical issue for governments when setting an executable tax bill. This research uses System Dynamics (SD) approach to evaluate the influence of carbon tax on the installation of PV systems and the effects on electricity costs. Meanwhile, the decision analysis of the taxation allocation on supporting renewable energy (in our case study, the photovoltaic) system is conducted. The SD qualitative and quantitative models are built based on several realistic scenarios using Taiwan's national data to evaluate the achievement and benefit of the carbon tax policy. These results are valuable references for government energy policy makers globally with respect to developing country-specific carbon tax framework and subsequently promoting photovoltaic systems as effective renewable energy solution.

698
Using systems engineering for a requirement-based design support for autonomous robots
Rising Complexity is a major challenge for the development of product systems. The aim of handling this complexity is to achieve a high quality, to develop and produce at acceptable cost and to prevent unintended incidents like failures. Especially in the field of robotics it is a serious task to fulfill these requirements regarding tasks of the autonomous orientation in a dynamic product surrounding etc. In addition, these robots, e.g. an autonomous vacuum cleaner, must meet a certain price segment. For this complex challenge the Generic System Engineering (GSE), which is based on a common model of thinking and standardized procedure, is focused on. Based on the system thinking an idea is developed for an approach to handle the aforementioned challenges. This idea includes a combination of a system model and a procedure to achieve a requirements fulfilling design without an over-design to prevent high costs by limit the considerate part of system over functionality.

699
Validation of a tuning method for haptic shared control using neuromuscular system analysis
This research investigates a neuromuscular analysis based tuning procedure for haptic shared control systems that has been hypothesized to improve subjective operator workload when compared to heuristic tuning methods. Here, the tuning procedure takes into consideration the response of the neuromuscular system to haptic cues. Human arm stiffness, the neuromuscular property of concern, can be changed by modulating reflex strength. The `relax task' setting of the neuromuscular system, for which reflexes are minimized, is chosen as the design point for tuning haptic cues as it is hypothesized to lead to the lowest workload. A simulated haptic collision avoidance system for unmanned aircraft teleoperation is used as a platform to experimentally validate the tuning method. The results show that the novel tuning procedure, particularly for relax task tuning, substantially improves workload and situational awareness over conditions that ignores the neuromuscular system. Additionally, over-tuning, which frequently occurs for heuristic methods, leads to worse user acceptance than a condition without haptic support.

700
Variations in driver's mechanical admittance facing distracting tasks
Most car accidents on roads are the consequence of human mistakes. In order to improve the driving safety, current car devices should provide useful information to the driver on his/her environment and help the driver via steering wheel, dashboard signals or audio announcement when assistance is needed. An important factor which disturbs driving behavior and can lead to crash is driver distraction. It has been accurately proved that driver subjected to distracting tasks leads to a massive increase in road accident rate. The main problem lies in the lack of driving focus, which is caught by other tasks. As a result building safety car devices requires knowing the influence of distraction on driving performances and mechanical admittance. This paper aims to investigate on the correlation between the car trajectory deviation, speed bearing and mechanical arm admittance under the influence of distracting tasks. Mechanical arm admittance, to a certain extent, represents driver aim because it investigates on the relation between the perturbations, the driver reaction and the corresponding answer. Experiment results show that in 70% of investigated cases, driver distraction either decrease resistance to steering wheel perturbations or lead to poorer driving performances.

701
Villager centered transport system in unreached communities
This study presents an ICT based transport system called Social Services on Wheels (SSW) that reduces villager's long distance trip-frequency in unreached communities. Trip-frequency is decreased using a community car to eliminate villager's need to travel to urban areas by bringing welfare services - access to healthcare, education, learning and purchasing - to the rural village. The community car brings measuring devices, PC notebooks and team members (Village entrepreneur, healthcare worker, IT assistant) to temporary service points within villages. The measuring devices and notebook applications are supported a back-end data operations office using mobile network coverage and Internet. The villager walks to the nearest service point and interfaces with the SSW operations and information systems. Social Service on Wheels has been tested in two rural villages in Bangladesh during October 2013 to February 2014. The results showed that 4,496 long distance trips were reduced because the villager were satisfactorily served without leaving their village. The villagers tended to associate the delivery of six social services with the Toyota community car rather than the SSW teams who performed the tests or helped with IT issues. SSW empowered the community by hiring locally and training the SSW teams. The sustainability of SSW project is a challenging area and is still being investigated.

702
Vision based robotic grasping with a hybrid camera configuration
Vision based robotic grasping systems have significant applications in the areas of space exploration and service robots. In this paper, an image based visual servoing controller with a hybrid camera configuration is proposed. In particular, an eye-in-hand camera is employed to track the position of the target object while a stereo camera is utilized to obtain the depth information of the object. A physical vision-based mobile manipulation system is developed to validate the proposed approach. The experimental results show that the proposed controller is effective to help a robot grasp the target object autonomously.

703
Vision-based robotic person following in fast walking
The paper proposes a real-time robotic person following using a combination of shape detection and color histogram matching with the adaptation of the search area. First the person's head is detected in the image by applying Canny's edge detection and a modified Hough transform. Next the area under the head in the image is searched for the person's shirt color characteristics. The search area in the image for finding the person is adaptively expanded or contracted to ensure fast computation and low false detection. The proposed image processing techniques together with the adaptation achieves a reliable real-time system for fast person following. The system has been implemented on a Segway robotic platform and results are provided.

704
Visual gesture recognition for human robot interaction using dynamic movement primitives
In this paper a method to address the efficiency and robustness of dynamic hand gesture recognition for human robot interaction is proposed. By using on-board monocular camera and specialized gesture detection algorithms, the humanoid robot is able to detect gestures fast. To model the dynamics of gestures, the dynamic movement primitives (DMP) model is employed, which well characterizes both spatial and temporal evolutions of gestures. The invariance properties of the DMP model against different spatiotemporal scales also offer expected robustness to handle the variances in gestures. To cope with the diversity and noise of gestures, an efficient adaptive DMP learning method is further proposed. Since the learnt weights of the DMP compactly represent the original gestures, they serve as ideal feature vectors for building a classifier to recognize new gestures. To evaluate the proposed method, a nine-class human gestures recognition task on a real humanoid robot is performed and 98.06% accuracy is obtained. Experimental results demonstrate the effectiveness of our method.

705
Visual servoing of micro aerial vehicle landing on ground platform
This paper presents the visual servoing methodology that lands a micro aerial vehicle on a ground platform in the indoor environments. Since the space in the indoor environment is usually limited, both of the size of micro aerial vehicle and landing platform has to be small. Thus, the visual servoing based on two pin-hole cameras mounted on the front and belly of micro aerial vehicle is suitable for such scenario. The visual feature extraction of the landing platform is proposed to detect the specific image pattern on it. The flying control strategies with the camera switching are developed to search and approach the landing platform. The aligning control during the landing procedure is designed by the fuzzy logic control with the target position error on image. The overall performance of the landing algorithm has been validated in the online experiments.

706
Visualization of online customer reviews and evaluations based on Self-organizing Map
In recent times, it has become easier to collect large quantities of customer reviews of products and services through the Internet. Thus, text-mining has become evermore important for various businesses. However, current techniques to visualize the correspondence relation between customer reviews and evaluation information are insufficient. The purpose of this paper is to propose a new method of visualizing information using a Self-organizing Map(SOM) that is robust for text data that is non-linear and multi-collinear. Our method involves, probabilistic Latent Semantic Indexing (pLSI) which does not require weighting for the dimension contraction of a word vector. Furthermore, we also propose a method to visualize the distribution of evaluation information on SOM. In order to assign a suitable value to dead nodes and nodes without evaluation values, we redefine the interpolation formula for the evaluation value. To confirm the effectiveness and accuracy of our proposal, we use our method to visualize customer review data on a major E-Commerce website.

707
Visualizing Learning Management System data using Context-Relevant Self-Organizing Map
In the last few years, many form of Learning Management Systems (LMS) have been introduced in many educational institutions with the main objective of obtaining meaningful information from the accumulated learning data to be then utilized for increasing the quality of the educations in those institutions. One of the most popular techniques for extracting information is by visualizing the high dimensional data that characterize the information. In this study, we propose to utilize Context-Relevant Self Organizing Map, a unique visualization algorithm that preserves not only the topographical characteristics of high dimensional data but also their context, for visualizing LMS data. Our preliminary experiments with real world LMS data show that the Context-Relevant Self-Organizing map is able to provide visual information which cannot be provided by the conventional Self-Organizing Map.

708
Visualizing dynamics of patients in hospitals using devise locations
In this paper, we propose a method for visualizing the temporal change of patient distributions in a hospital as a preliminary step towards the process-dynamics mining. Firstly, we perform statistical analysis on process sequences (we call courses) in order to capture which types of processes were frequently used in outpatient services. Secondly, assuming that a patient presented himself or herself at the place where an action was recorded in the hospital information systems, we investigate the geographical distribution of patients in 30-minutes granularity during the open hour of outpatient services. Finally, we try to visualize the dynamics of patients by projecting the change of patient distribution onto hospital maps.

709
Visualizing multidimensional data based on Laplacian Eigenmaps projection
This paper describes a multidimensional projection technique based on Laplacian Eigenmaps, which is a commonly employed algorithm for nonlinear dimensionality reduction. The proposed visualization technique is characterized by a nonlinear mapping function, which transforms data from a high dimensional space to a two- or three-dimensional space. This mapping function consists on computing spectral decomposition of the Laplacian graph, which is obtained from the dissimilarities of the data instances. We performed some experiments for visualizing real-world and noisy multidimensional data sets, comparing the discriminability and the preservation of neighborhood relationships with related strategies in literature, such as Principal Component Analysis, Isometric Feature Mapping and Local Linear Embedding. The promising results showed that Laplacian Eigenmaps are appropriate choices in those situations, producing visualizations with good precision.

710
Vulnerability of the conventional accessible CAPTCHA used by the White House and an alternative approach for visually impaired people
Many people with visual impairments complain about the poor accessibility of conventional CAPTCHA systems because the audio-style test is too difficult for humans. Even a U.S. governmental site, the “We the People” public website, was criticized for the same reason, and thus it implemented a more accessible quiz-based CAPTCHA system. However, this system is vulnerable to simple heuristics. In this study, we demonstrate the insecurity of this type of CAPTCHA system. We demonstrate that our solver program can beat the CAPTCHA with a success rate of over 99%. In addition, we propose a new verbal-style system to replace the quiz-based CAPTCHA. Our system synthesizes several sentences, which have different degrees of naturalness in terms of their contextual meaning, from a set of source documents using a flexible-order Markov chain. Only human users can perceive the difference in the semantics and select the most (or the least) meaningful option correctly. This test is implemented in a verbal style, which means that it is universally suitable for any type of perceptual channel. We implemented our proposed scheme and analyzed its security based on experiments.

711
Walking assist for a stroke survivor with a power-assist exoskeleton
A power-assist exoskeleton is expected to help the motion of physically weak person in daily living. The power-assist exoskeleton can be applicable to a stroke survivor also, though the motion intention of the paralyzed limb is difficult to be estimated. This paper proposes a control method of the lower-limb power-assist for a stroke survivor. In the proposed method, the lower-limb motion of the abled side of the user is copied as the desired motion of the paralyzed side. Then the desired lower-limb motion of the paralyzed side is generated by the lower-limb power-assist exoskeleton robot. ZMP is taken into account to avoid the unexpected falling. The effectiveness of the proposed method was evaluated by performing the experiments.

712
Walking mechanism for a lion-type robot
This paper describes a new type of locomotion for a quadruped robot. Recently, many biomimetic quadruped robots have been developed. Most of them use many actuators for running, which causes them to become big in size. We have developed a medium-sized quadruped robot by using only one electric motor as an actuator for walking and running. We also adapt to the robot the mechanism which is similar to Theo Jansen mechanism to make its gait biomimetic. In order to realize our mechanism, we propose “Modified Gallop Gait” that is derived from bounce gait and gallop gait. The experimental results show that the robot runs as the modified gallop gait at the velocity of 0.89 m/s, while its pitch angle oscillates periodically to realize biomimetic motion and its stable running.

713
Water quality event detection based on Multivariate empirical mode decomposition
Water quality event detection is critically important to national security and people's health. And Empirical Mode Decomposition (EMD) is a common used method to analyze nonlinear and non-stationary signals. However the standard EMD can just deal with one variation and certain information of the original signals would be missed. In this paper, we proposed a multivariate water quality event detection approach for detecting accidental or intentional water contamination events, thus to improve the detection rate. The proposed approach is based on multivariate empirical mode decomposition (MEMD), which is a novel algorithm to analyze nonlinear and non-stationary signals. A sequence of n-dimension intrinsic mode functions (IMFs)is obtained by the process of MEMD, then the Mahalanobis Distance is used to perform information fusion and the normalized instantaneous energy (NIE) is used to perform anomaly detection.

714
Wavelet decomposition processing method : Cortical bone thickness measurement using ultrasound sensor
Wavelet analysis has been successfully applied in many applications such as image processing, communication and signal processing. Moreover, the wavelet theory covers more significant application. It is because the wavelet theory can be applied to the continuous and the discrete-time cases. In particular, the wavelet transform focuses on the analysis of non-stationary signals. When compared with classical Short-Time Fourier Transform and Fourier Transform analysis, both processing methods are unable to process the non-stationary signal. While wavelet analysis provides an alternative solution for this problem. Ultrasound signal is categorized as a non-stationary signal. Many techniques have been used for processing the ultrasound signal. The use of ultrasound in medical and civil area keeps increasing due to low cost, and accurate techniques. Therefore, this study focuses on the analysis of the multiple echoes of ultrasound in the cortical bone using wavelet decomposition processing method. Then, the appeared echo at both surfaces of bone was determined using a peak detection algorithm. Bone thickness was calculated based on measured flight time in the bone. The experimental results were compared with manual measurement using vernier caliper for validation process. The results show that the wavelet decomposition processing method provided small errors of cortical bone thickness measurement, which was 0.152 mm (4.104%), while standard deviation was 0.102 mm. This measurement values showed that the accuracy of bone thickness was almost 96.000% for this method. Furthermore, the experimental results were correlated with caliper values so that correlation coefficient was 0.9797.

715
Weight based fish school search
This work further investigates how weight based FSS (i.e. almost only use of local information) can impact in the automatic splitting the school for solution of multimodal bench mark problems. The chief modification to standard FSS, in order to produce the wFSS, was the introduction of a relationship among fish solely relying on factual already existing indications of individual success. The implementation resulted in a lighter algorithm (when compared to other FSS attempts to solve multimodal problems) and a method that produces more suitable solution candidates for optimization problems. Following a complexity analysis, that reveal a reduction from O(n4) of dFSS to O(n2) of wFSS, a thorough performance comparison with two other competing techniques was carried out using four different metrics, highly appropriate to assess multiobjective optimization. The experiments showed the upper hand of wFSS in multimodal continuous optimization adherent to the design decisions of (i) no use of global information for splitting the swarm, (ii) no heavy increase in computational costs to FSS and (iii) abidance to the original principle of FSS of not using topological information to solve the optimization problem.

716
Why connecting theories together may not work: How to address complex paradigm-spanning questions
When we need to answer questions about the real world, we build models. Models are necessarily simplifications, which introduce departures from the real world. Over time we have developed a number modeling paradigms that have been found to work well for certain classes of questions. Each modeling paradigm's simplifying assumptions are appropriate for its class of questions but would not necessarily be appropriate for another class of questions. The simplifying assumptions of one modeling paradigm may be inconsistent with or even contradict the simplifying assumptions of another modeling paradigm. These contradictions are not present in the real world, only in our models. They are introduced by the simplifications. The gaps among the ontologies underlying different paradigms are not bridgeable by a unified ontology that enables addressing questions that cross complex physical, human, economic and social phenomena. We argue instead that the best strategy for addressing complex paradigm-spanning questions is a four-level formulation of optimize if you can; if not, adapt if you can; if not, hedge if you can; if not, accept the consequences.

717
Wind power forecasting using emotional neural networks
Emotional neural network (ENN) is a recently developed methodology that uses simulated emotions aiding its learning process. ENN is motivated by neurophysiological knowledge of the human's emotional brain. In this paper, ENNs are developed and examined for prediction tasks. Genetic algorithm is applied for optimal tuning of crisp numerical parameters of ENN. The performance of the proposed ENN is examined using data sets for a couple of synthetic (with constant and variable noise) and real world (wind farm power generation data) case studies. A traditional artificial neural network (ANN) is also implemented for comparison purposes. Numerical results indicate the superiority of ENN over ANN in terms of accuracy and stability.

718
Workflow scheduling algorithm based on control structure reduction in cloud environment
Recently, cloud computing has emerged as a new model of service provisioning, in this model, one of the most challenging problems is workflow scheduling, i.e., the problem of satisfying users' QoS while minimizing the execution cost of cloud workflow. This paper propose a workflow scheduling algorithm called Control Structure Reduction algorithm(CSR). In CSR, the workflows represented by DAG (Directed Acyclic Graph) can be converted into an equivalent sequence control structure by such means as mergers and reduction. Then we can easily identify the critical path of the workflow process. By using Time Float Distribution Algorithm, the total time float is allocated to each task based on critical tasks in critical path, eventually to enlarge the cost optimization intervals of all tasks. The simulation results show that CSR has a promising performance in decreasing the execution cost for large workflows.

719
Workload prediction and estimation of human mental resources in Helicopter Emergency Medical Service missions
Helicopter Emergency Medical Service (HEMS) missions are associated with high workload for the cockpit crew. Cognitive assistant systems investigated today to counteract high workload issues are proven beneficial in principle, but may also induce additional load for the pilot, especially if the system intervenes when the human operator has little or no free cognitive resources to adopt the offered support. The basis for counteracting such automation induced issues is the automatic, reliable, task-related assessment of the current workload of the human operator. In this article we present a concept and prototype implementation to estimate the usage of mental resources of the human pilot and his current workload level in HEMS missions. Furthermore we describe first evaluation experiments conducted in our research helicopter mission simulator.

720
eWall for active long living: Assistive ICT services for chronically ill and elderly citizens
Independent living of senior citizens is one of the main challenges linked to the ageing population, due to the impact on: (1) the life of the elderly people, (2) the national health systems, (3) the insurance companies, (4) the relatives and (5) the care-givers. Senior citizens may suffer from a number of diseases, including the decline in cardiopulmonary conditions, weaker muscle functions and a declined neuromuscular control of the movements, which result in a higher risk of fall and a higher vulnerability for cardiovascular and pulmonary diseases. With respect to cognitive functions, senior citizens may suffer from a decline of memory function, less ability to orientate and a declined ability to cope with complex situations. This paper describes work in progress and proposes a novel architecture design for eHealth services in support of independent living and compensating for prevailing age- or disease-related physical and cognitive impairments for a significant prolongation of the primary end-user's functional capacity, a delay in institutionalization, increased autonomy and, prolonged participation in the society.

721
r-bounded fuzzy measures are equivalent to ε-possibility measures
Traditional probabilistic description of uncertainty is based on additive probability measures. To describe non-probabilistic uncertainty, it is therefore reasonable to consider non-additive measures. An important class of non-additive measures are possibility measures, for which μ(A ∪ B) = max(μ(A), μ(B)). In this paper, we show that possibility measures are, in some sense, universal approximators: for every ε > 0, every non-additive measure which satisfies a certain reasonable boundedness property is equivalent to a measure which is ε-close to a possibility measure.

